and on your Twitter like this.
Is this worse? Is this worse than
telling people that they should be put
to death for
this guy? No. No. We don't condone.
Look, you're childish. Childish.
You're complaining about insulting and
then you're doing something insulting.
Is this is this worse?
Uh
[Music]
profile. socially
profile when he
socially
profiled when he
[Music]
All right, guys. We have um an
ex-Muslim. So, are you an ex-Muslim?
Yeah, ex-Muslim.
Ex-Muslim. Hold on. Wait. You're You're
the guy that um uh you're the guy that
you were I've seen the other day. You
were watching that other dude. I don't
know, the David guy. He was like eating
the Quran or something.
That's you. You're watch you you you
watched him eat the Quran.
Yeah. Yeah. I was there
and and you were like you did a video or
something ripping up the Quran and
stuff. Don't you think?
Oh, man. That's dirty, man.
Yeah. Don't you think that there's a
different way to like share your
opinions and, you know, cuz share your
ideas instead of like, you know,
disrespecting the Quran and and ripping
it and eating it and acting like
complete hooligans.
Of course, I think there's a different
way to represent these things. I mean,
we could talk about what my motives are
and what ex-Muslim motives are.
Yeah.
But of course, there is a different way
to express your opinions. And to be very
honest, I don't think there is any point
in ripping up a Quran. I think it's a
completely unnecessary.
So, why did you why did you do that? It
seemed like it seemed like you were
egged on cuz you know like like I
understand you're ex-Muslim and uh you
have your own faith end of the day. You
know, everybody Muslims have their own
faith end of the day, but like it seems
like you have like this vendetta against
Muslims, you know, like like you're
you're an ex-Muslim, but you represent
I'm an ex-Muslim. like you know like you
know the reason it's a X is like it
should be in the past am I right like I
don't know like
no I did that for a very uh for a very
specific reason when I ripped up the
Quran on that show for example I
explained very clearly why I was ripping
up the Quran as I was doing it so if
people actually want to go there and see
what the Quran what I was saying
what's the explanation to like ripping
the Quran like tell us here instead of
going on to your like tell us here like
of course I will I will explain it to
you just let me speak I will explain it
to you
uh so I I am doing my ex-Muslim work
right and there there was a lot of back
and forth between between me and Muslims
and it's it's all going uh well as it
maybe should I don't know but uh
recently between me and uh Muhammad
hijab and Ali Dawa there has been a lot
of
yeah no but this is not even about no
sorry this is not about Muhammad hijab
Ali dawa or I don't we don't even care
about them we're not defending them at
all we're defending Islam and the Quran
you know you ripping up the Quran it's
like what what's your defense you're
you're mentioning them Muhammad and
Hijab and have nothing to do with you
ripping the Quran you're disrespecting
Now billions. That's what I'm trying to
say. You
dis but it has to do with this. The
whole protest.
So no, it doesn't have to do. They have
nothing. It was an act of protest to rip
protest. What? You know which people
you're offending? You're offending so
many people for no reason. Do do you
believe about like right and wrong as an
ex-Muslim? Like do you believe in right
and wrong?
Of course I do. But come on. I came
here.
Do you think that what you did was
right?
I came here so we can we can exchange
exchange.
Yeah. We're just asking I'm asking you a
question. Like do do you think what you
did was right though? Like do do you
think that's right?
I think it was right. Yes.
You think ripping up the So that's
childish. Just just because you disagree
with a certain group of people
you don't believe in Islam is right.
No, we do not. We do not condone of
killing. We do not
do you think send anyone if someone
Do you think sending veiled rape threats
to people
if anyone changes their religion or
anything we don't we don't condone
killing us in
Islamically. If you kill one person it's
like you killed all of humanity. That's
how precious a life is in Islam. But you
are aware that according to Islam,
someone who leaves Islam and who openly
says that he left Islam is supposed to
be put to death. This is to all Islamic
Jewish.
No, no, we do not we do not condone of
killing anyone. You you must have had a
misunderstanding. Hold on. When you were
Muslim, I feel like you must have had a
misunderstanding. I feel like and
it's got to the point where you're
ripping
Have you not recently made a response
video to uh to me? And Al Dawa even made
a response video in which Alawa
This isn't about Alawa or Muhammad
Hijab. This isn't about them. It seems
like it has nothing. I don't care about
Ali Dawa. I don't care about Muhammad
hijab. I'm talking about you. Why you
ripping up the Quran and you thinking
it's right?
Because it's an act of
Why you ripping up and you're eating the
Quran? You look like a child.
And the fact that you're trying to back
it up as it's like some for some
protest. Like come on. That's that's
that's a petty excuse my friend.
You're disrespecting.
I don't know if I should call you.
Ali recently made a video in which
Muhammad Hammed. You love them that I
deserve.
No, they No, we do not condone. We do
not. No one none none of us condone
death or anything people should be put
to death we do not condone
death we don't I feel human life is all
of humanity that you must have
misunderstood
why did you why did you put Allah abar
under dawa's video means god is greatest
video
I should be killed
Allah abar means god is the greatest it
means god is the did you forget that or
it depends like the way you you take it
like Allah abar probably to means some
other crazy things cuz you probably see
things in the media and that probably
that's affecting your you know your
small brain but you have to understand
that like it it means if you look it up
it's called
I don't think both of you are above
intelligent people I could now sit here
wow stop
but I mean you're I don't think you're
intelligent either you rip Qurans for
protest
I could sit here
there's so many different way to protest
I have a question though I have a
question but but it's not about Ali dawa
it's not about this is this is this is
very childish I didn't come here to
insult you and I don't I'm not insulting
I'm I'm trying we're trying to
understand you. Like I I'm really I'm
very confused.
Understand me. You're not letting me
speak for 5 seconds. You're
speaking
me. You're you're you're interrupting
me. Whatever I said. I haven't
I didn't I never said A+. I never said
A+ or nothing. I never said nothing.
You typed it here on the screen. You
typed A+ right here on the screen.
I thought honestly I thought that was I
don't know why you thought you was a
plus.
Call yourself a prophet, you know.
Yeah, of course.
But um uh um yeah. So as I was saying, I
have a question. I have a question. Why
like like why is it when someone you
know leaves Islam they end up putting
like you know everywhere in their bios
and everywhere like oh ex-Muslim
ex-Muslim they always it's like Islam is
live living rentree in their heads like
what's explain that?
Yes I will let you explain that.
How about this? Let me give me two
minutes.
Give me two minutes and I will explain
it to you. Okay.
You going to have two minutes for what?
I will explain to you why uh an
ex-Muslim like me for example or other
ex-Muslims speak out against Islam and
put it on their bios. I will explain it
to you. You do you give me two minutes
and promise me not to not to inter.
You need two minutes. You look at your
phone. You can't answer it from your
heart. Give me
Can you answer it from your soul? You
need a script.
I'm I'm setting a timer. Can you give me
two minutes?
Can you give me two minutes to explain
to explain why why
you know how about this? How about this?
I know you you kind of you offered to be
on our on our podcast and stuff like
that and you you were I don't know. I
feel like in a way I feel like you you
know that we're not really
knowledgeable. You you say that oh
you're not knowledgeable about Islam.
You you shouldn't be saying that at all.
You know what I'm saying? We we still
like we're Muslim at the end of the day.
But we there's more scholars there as
Islam scholars. There people who know
who are very knowledgeable. They go to
school for it and they know. So we have
we have a friend we have a friend of
ours who's going to come and you know
talk to talk to all of us and uh who's
more knowledgeable about this. So come
on in.
He's very educated. So like you know
what I'm saying? Hold it down.
Huh? He's a very good uh friend of ours
who's who's knowledgeable and would know
like
he's just he's cuz he I want him to like
be able to like
who who is Is he going to join
exchange like words with you as well?
He's going to come in.
Yo,
where's he at?
What?
In the meantime, if you want to talk
about Yeah.
your two-minute timer thing here, here's
your chance. Here's a chance while he
comes in.
So you have asked me why people who
believe Islam are so obsessed with Islam
and why they make it so open that they
have left Islam and and why they talk
about Islam. Let me tell you this. There
are many ex-Muslims in the world
including me. I grew up with Islam. I
was extremely religious when I was a
unmute. Unmute them. Unmute. Unmute. Ask
No, no, no. Not him.
Oh, wait a minute.
Go ask the bottom. Ask unmute.
All right. So, go on. Go on. I'm sorry.
Go on. I was extremely religious when I
was a Muslim. Uh I believed in Islam
very firmly. I was raised with until
when? What's your nationality by the
way? I just want to know your
nationality.
Turkish. Turkish. I was raised with it.
My parents are uh very religious. I was
in very religious environments. And uh
after after leaving Islam like many
other Muslims, like many other
ex-Muslims, I was basically shunned,
basically rejected by society. But my
situation is not very bad. I live in
America freely right now. I have uh
burned the bridges. I've come here. I'm
I'm free and I can do and say whatever I
want. But it's not about me. It's about
so many other people. In in over 12
countries, it is officially punishable
by death to leave Islam. And leaving
Islam, leaving Islam is today in 2020
officially punishable by death. In many
other countries, it is forbidden. In
many other countries, it's a social
tool. People persecute and and and and
uh you know, punish their kids and their
loved ones, their known ones for leaving
Islam. So people live under persecution
if they leave Islam. So your entire life
is affected by Islam and afterwards if
you decide not to believe in it just
because you don't believe in it you are
also followed and persecuted for that.
So it is completely normal that somebody
who leaves Islam whose entire life was
defined by the fears of Islam and by the
introductions of Islam also uh
we have a friend here who's more um uh I
feel like he's way more
I will not talk to Muhammad hijab
Muhammad his father is my wife he's
really not no you you've disrespected
bro you've disrespected the Quran you
ripped off the Quran disrespect and then
and then you talk about is a scumb
Relax. It's not about Muhammad. No, it's
not about him. It's not about
calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Don't
be scared. Don't be scared. I have
You're scared. You are here. Everybody
run away. Don't run away. It seems like
you're running away. I can't hear any
mute. I made a debate. I can't hear any
of you. He can't hear us. He can hear
any of us. He can't hear any of us. I
made a debate over on Zoom. Unmute on
Zoom. No, Zoom.
I can't hear any of you on Zoom.
Unmute. Unmute.
I'm mute on Zoom.
Can you hear us? Can you hear us?
Yeah. Yeah. Can you
go come to Zencaster? Go Hijab is
We don't hear on Zencaster.
No, it's it's all right. Um uh we're
here. Can you hear us here?
I can hear you guys, but he's going to
have to unmute if he wants to engage.
Oh. Oh, okay. Um can you unmute your uh
microphone?
Uh you could do that here.
Can you hear us now?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now, I haven't I
haven't been paying attention to what
you've been saying cuz I haven't I can't
actually hear
uh anything.
Yeah. So, pretty much uh as I was
saying, we were telling him about um his
childish acts that he was doing
ripping the Quran and uh watching that
guy eat the Quran and he's trying to
defend himself, but he just kept on
mentioning your name, Ali Dawa's name,
which I feel like is childish. It has
nothing to do with Muhammad Hijab or Ali
Dawa.
This is about you disrespecting,
you know, the Quran. like what kind of
there's different ways to share your
opinions.
I I have to I have to say something very
quickly. Um you have Adam and Slim, you
have invited me here today. Uh
acted acted as if you were very genuine
people texted me.
No, we're here. You wanted to be on a
podcast.
I would say that I would be talking here
to to
we are talking to the two.
We are talking.
You you didn't say anything about
Muhammad hijab.
Okay, we're talking. He's a friend of
ours.
He helped us, brother. He helped. I'm
sorry. I would not I would not have come
here if Muhammad hijab was here because
I made a debate offer to Muhammad hijab
which
after what Muhammad hijab said told me
to commit suicide. He harassed my wife.
Don't be scared
about
if you have something about he tried to
dox.
Look listen all of
my lamb talk. He also look if you look
insulting let's put all of the insults
to the side
make him talk
one more thing I just want to say one
thing before you I mean you can go if
you want to that's just going to it's
just going to say something about your
spirit here
it will say something I need to give a
about you right now I need to
respect you and we cut you off
calm down%
seem triggered you seem emotionally
bunch of unreliable dishonest Listen,
listen. That's all fine. That's all
fine. We didn't say anything in good
faith.
Listen, with all due respect, I mean,
what we can do now is
okay. No problem. No problem. No
problem. No problem. No problem. Let's
not
listen to you. Will you take Listen,
let's just finish. Give me a chance to
speak. Give me a chance to speak. All
I'm saying All I'm saying now, putting
all of the hostilities and the
toxicities to the side,
I will not put it aside.
Well, if you can't if you can't manage
that, right? If you can't manage that,
then you can't manage freedom of speech.
That has that has nothing to do with
you can't manage freedom of speech.
You're okay to eat up a Quran, laugh at
it, and rip it up. But when all I'm
doing is discussion,
that is not everybody. That is not what
freedom of speech is about. Am I Am I
being am I being insulting? I'm not
being insulting now. I'm not Look, I'm
not being insulting to you right now.
Yeah. I'm giving listen
listen. Sorry. Please. You're a person
who refutes Islam intellectually. That's
at least the claim that you make. All
I'm doing now, we're people that have
much bigger platforms than you. We're
giving you a chance, okay, as an
unqualified person who as you are to
actually make a case against Islam.
Look, look, please tell me about please.
We're giving you a chance. Look, look,
I'm going to I'm going to say this. Put
all the toxicities and hostilities just
for a second. Just for a second. Stop
being emotional. Stop being emotional.
Be calm. All we're saying is, "Look, if
you have a case against Islam, all I
want to hear now is your strongest
argument against Islam."
I will not talk to you.
Say your strongest argument. We're
saying against Islam. I'm happy to hear
it.
I will I will not talk to you. I will
have an argument. Listen, you have to
me. You are talking to me. You have to
talk. Look, you are talking to me. You
have a you have an opportunity now to
speak in front of millions of Muslims. I
will I have made you an offer in which
Listen to me. You have a chance. The
floor is yours. The floor is yours. In
front of millions of people.
Millions of people. This is your chance.
This is your chance. What we're saying
is
made you wonder.
Listen. This is your chance in front of
millions of people. Listen. Put the off
to the side for now. We're talking about
this. This is not Look, look. Don't make
emotional. Don't be Don't be scared.
Don't be scared. You seem jittery. Don't
be jittery. Don't be scared.
I know. Shut the hell up. This is not
Okay, calm down. Calm down. being angry.
Take take a chill pill.
You know what I feel? I'm going to talk
right now. I'm going to talk. I'm No,
no. I'm going to talk. I'm going to
talk. You know what I feel like? I feel
like you were trying to take advantage
of me and Slim because we're not
knowledgeable. Muhammad Hijab is a
friend of ours. He's a friend of ours.
He is very educated. He is He is
inspiring. Why you taking off your
headphones? Put your headphones on. Can
you hear us?
Let me speak.
All right. Speak. Speak. Please do.
Please do.
Let him speak. Listen here. He said, we
just said present your strongest
argument.
Let me speak.
All right,
we're letting you speak. Go ahead.
Number one, let me speak. Number one, I
made I made an offer to Muhammad Hijab,
which was very clear in the very
beginning, which was that we are going
to have an online debate. That is the
fairest discourse that you could
possibly about. This is not about this.
Look, look, let him talk. Let him talk.
He's he's using that excuse right now
cuz you keep interrupting. Listen,
listen.
You made an offer to debate him, right?
the fairest offer that you offer in the
world to have to have an actual to have
an actual because you are not letting me
talk. Do you see the difference? The
difference between a debate would be
that I would have 20 minutes to talk
would have 22 minutes to talk. There
would be nobody's control
on your platform. Number two, number
two. Number two, Adam Sal and
I have offered you a very clear choice
and said I will come to you
10 minutes and I'll be quiet in those 10
minutes.
Talk to and talk to Alidawa and you
it seems like we're not believes. Did I
do it or did I not do Can I say
something?
Can I respond?
Yeah. Look, look, all I'm saying is
this, right? Putting all of the
negotiations aside for the debate. Look,
we're here here and now. People on your
side and my side, they want to hear an
engagement. If you want me to be With
all your respect, of all due respect, we
don't like each other. That's fine. You
can put that to the side. You're here in
front of a fresh new audience of Muslim
people. All right? We're giving you a
chance as um someone who is a critic of
Islam, a palemic against Islam to
produce your strongest argument against
it. Now, what I'm going to say is this.
Look, I'm happy to stay quiet for as
long as you want me to stay quiet right
now. If you say, "Look, stay quiet for 5
minutes. Stay quiet for 10 minutes." I
will I will be muted for that time.
Okay? And then I'll have the same time
to to
Yeah. I I can't I can't see what's going
on. This is so childish. I don't know
what's going on here. What are you
doing? This is so
Let's talk about now. Let's talk about
now. Let's have our conversation now.
Should we pull up your tweets? We're
going to pull up your tweets here. You
want to pull up tweets? Let's pull up
your childish tweets and this time
you're just running away. You are making
you are making rapelications about
my wife.
That's not about your wife. You're
making rape implications.
It's not about your wife. And that's
that's aside the point. It doesn't say
your wife anywhere there. It says
you're making rape implications about
nothing to do with your wife. That has
nothing to do with your wife. My friend,
you have a chance to say your wife. Why
does it say your wife there?
Right here. This is my wife.
No, that's doesn't say when these
Islamophobes. That's these is the
pronoun. What would happen if I insulted
your wife?
You can do it. It's freedom of speech.
You can do that if you like. You
would it be?
No. No. It is. You insult my prophet.
You eat the Quran. You rip it up. I
mean,
how about Adidawa telling me that my
friend telling me that I should have sex
with my three-year-old son?
Your wife is public figure. Your wife is
online on a public
a public figure by definition.
She look she's on she has a public
profile. She's she's open to people by
her name.
Why is it that freedom of speech is only
applicable when it's
That is not what freedom of speech is
about. Freedomact.
Why can you rip up the Quran? right? But
then when we come back, right, and do
something against the public figure
which you might find distasteful, you're
you're now panicking and having an
anxiety attack.
Why has the cat are an intellectual
Why has the cat got your tongue?
You are an intellectual.
Why have you insulted him? Why you
insulting him? Why don't you produce
your strongest argument against
you?
Why is there insulting me? I'm
responding. He's not insulting you.
Look, I'm saying to you, look, if you
want 10 minutes, I will be muted.
Listen, I look, don't worry about
insults. Insults are freedom of speech.
That's what you believe.
No, they're not. That's how it works.
They are freedom of speech. Look, I look
with all due respect,
you have philosophy. Freedom of speech.
I have four degrees to my name.
You don't know anything about it.
Freedom of spee
and one of those, by the way, is in
political philosophy, which is about
freedom of speech.
By your way, where you got your
philosophy?
What are your degrees? What are your
degrees to? It doesn't matter to you.
You don't
have a basic understanding of freedom of
speech.
You do not have the authority to tell me
what you think freedom of speech is. I
have actually written books on
liberalism.
I don't care.
Professors, my professors when they were
peer reviewing them, they didn't tell me
that I was wrong about my understandings
of freedom of speech.
Okay. Can you claim me? Can you tell me
this then? According to you, does
freedom of speech mean that you can say
whatever you want and nobody should get
angry about this?
Well, according to liberal philosophers
like John Stewart Mill, yeah, and his
book onism
and other books like on liberty and so
on, freedom of speech is only caela by
the harm principle. And for him, freedom
the harm principle entails physical
harm. There were some things that he
mentioned in his book that he saw was
distasteful, right? So for example,
people having sexual intercourse, he
said things that affect the
sensibilities of people. So for example,
people having sexual intercourse in the
on the roadsides. John Stewart Mill um
saw that as something which is
unethical. But in terms of me insulting,
the freedom to insult is not something
which is censored by people freedom of
speech advocates including those
philosophical
founding fathers. Now my point is this
is it's very h it's very happy days for
you when you come up and rip the Quran
and eat it and spit it out. It's freedom
of speech. But when I no hold on but
when I don't within the scope of the law
because to this day there's no police
officer that has contacted me and
believe you me there is no court
injunction against me. All the things
that I've said on Twitter are by law UK
law and US law absolutely within the
full scope of the law and I'm waiting
for a court order. I'm waiting for an
injunction to prove me otherwise.
There's nothing within the the spirit or
letter of the law nor the question
within the parameters of freedom of
speech as per liberal ethics that stop
me from insulting you and your your wife
who has a public figure platform
attacking Islam and calling the prophet
of Islam all kinds of names. If you
can't if you can't handle yes if you
cannot handle yeah the freedom of speech
when it comes back at you do not try and
give it to people a community of people
by eating spitting out the Quran
laughing at the Quran and so on and so
forth because that would imply that you
are a person of weakness you're
my question
yeah yeah so that that's that that
answers your question
let me respond was that my question do
you really think that was my question
what's your question just repeat it for
yourself
was that really my question
what was your My question was according
to your understanding of freedom of
speech does freedom of speech mean that
you can say whatever you want and no one
can be angered about it?
No not whatever you want. There are laws
of liel there are laws of defamation.
There are laws of copyright. There are
laws. So there are
your freedom of speech does your freedom
of does freedom of speech according to
you mean that no one can be angry about
it about what you
angry about you eating and spitting out
the Quran and you and David?
Of course you can. It doesn't matter.
You if you don't want to play by the
rules, don't do the things that
aggravate other communities.
Well, that was not my what my question
was about because you are making it look
like
angry. We can be angry.
But you are making it look like uh I
have no right to be angry and to refuse
to talk to you.
Your anger is
got nothing to do though.
You offer to debate him and when you
have the Muhammad
anger is irrelevant. Your anger your
anger the truth doesn't care about your
anger.
Everybody Everybody do you see this?
This is exactly why I was wanting to
have this this conversation. I'm here
I'm here trying I am here trying to give
you a response and you haven't even let
me talk. Go ahead.
But come on man never the more you're
talking about is responding. Come on. Go
ahead. The floor is yours.
Okay. I will include us in my upcoming
video about you Mijab. I I think you
think you can evade that. But I have a
video upcoming about you in which I will
This is not about Muhammad. This isn't
about Ali Dawa or anybody. I don't know
if you're in love with him or something.
This is about you ripping up the Quran
and and laughing at people eating the
Quran and talking about urinating on the
Quran on your Twitter like this.
Is this worse? Is this worse than
telling people that they should be put
to death for
this guy? No. No. We don't condone.
Look, you're childish. Childish.
You're complaining about insulting and
then you're doing something insulting.
Is this is this worse?
Hurt us.
What about
affect us when you do wrong? I sometimes
I put I put the Quran in I can burn the
Quran. I can put it in water.
It's great that it doesn't affect you.
It's great. It's fantastic that it
doesn't affect you.
What's your What's your point by doing
that?
What is it? What is this worse?
So lame people and telling people like
fool right now. This is your defense.
What we're saying is we're saying that
you should be killed. Let me put that on
the record. Let me put that on the
record.
You brought it up. I'm responding to
Let me tell you something. Let me tell
you something. Let me put They should be
killed.
Let me Well, Apus, listen. I'm telling
you right in front of you.
[__] up. Don't call me A+. Okay.
I can call you whatever I like.
Answer me a question.
Triggered.
Answer. Answer me a question. Mom,
you have you have talked enough. I have
gave you the time to respond.
Why would you question 7,000 miles away?
Answer me one question.
Yeah. Go ahead.
Adam Sal and Slim Alb here were not
convinced that this is the response.
According to uh to Islam
version of Islam under an Islamic under
an Islamic unqualified understanding of
it. Yeah, you're you're not qualified,
are you? Let's be honest. You don't have
any training in Islam, do you?
True. That's true.
You don't have any training. Do you have
any Islam?
According to Islam. Islam.
So why are you saying according to
Islam? You should say according to my
understanding of Islam, which
I'm asking I'm asking you a question.
Can I can I can I can I can I ask you a
question about the Islamic?
You can ask question educator the
question. Yes.
You are an idiot. Can I ask you a
question uh about the Islamic rulings?
According to my understanding, you don't
even have the brain to think about this.
I'm asking you a question of your
Islamic rulings.
According according to the Islamic
jurisdiction, according to Islam,
according to Islamic the Islamic
whatever according to
Yeah, it's my it's my third language.
While you while you spend time going
into answer the question according to
Islam, somebody who leaves Islam, i.e.
me or other people, somebody who leaves
Islam and makes it public that they have
left Islam and explains to the public
that they have left Islam and why they
have left Islam. Is this person to be
put to death under Islam?
Well, I've written a book on this. It's
actually called the question.
Well, I've just I'm just want to put to
you that I've written a book on this
which is actually my dissertation for
one of my degrees which I got a
distinction in and which was peer-
reviewviewed by two people in two
liberal people by my my ad and given the
distinction. So I think this will be a
professional answer here not like yours.
My answer is this. It really depends on
the situation. I'm not saying to you
that Islam the only ruling in Islam is
that the person who is a public apostate
is to be put to death. In fact, in the
treaty of Hudabia where the prophet
Muhammad wasallam had a negotiation with
in that treaty there was a clear um
parenthesis put in place or a clause a
stipulation put in place whereby
apostates would be actually redirected
or strategically relocated. For that
reason, Josiah and many of the scholars,
in fact, from my reading, the majority
of scholars say it's possible that a
public apostate, and listen carefully,
I'm answering your question directly, a
public apostate just like yourself, not
just within the western world, but
within an Islamic state uh is not
actually put to death and is
strategically located uh to another
country, for example, a safe haven. And
that is not despite the Islamic law,
that is because of it. And the reason
and the evidence of that is the hadith
in Bkari which is the as you know the
most authoritative hadith book which
stipulates this point uh on on the kitab
of um sorry the hadith of so in other
words what I actually recommend in my
book which is ironic. I say that in this
day and age my position is not that
apostates even in Muslim countries this
is my position even in Muslim countries
which claim to rule by Islamic law I
proposed in the book yes in the book I
proposed that it would be within the
muslah the common interest of the Muslim
people yeah to make peace treaties the
like of which was seen by the prophet
Muhammad himself with non-Muslim
countries such that uh apostates in
certain Muslim countries are not to be
put to death and in fact are
strategically located to other
non-Muslim countries h in a way to
protect their life and in fact if you go
against such treaty according to the
scholars that I've mentioned IM Josei
and others who actually mentioned this
very explicitly in their Jewish
credential tracts if you go against this
then that would be something which is
seen as immoral because it goes against
the contractual agreements it says inah
mid chapter 5:1
you have believed be faithful to your
contracts and that includes contracts
with disbelieving nations it includes
contracts with uh non-Muslim nations and
so on and so so my position actually is
this if there is a country now that
wants to rule by Islamic law I do not
think it within the common interest of
that particular country to exercise that
particular law of apostasy I think it is
within full the full scope of the Jewish
credential uh Islamic uh allowance as
well as the law for that Muslim country
to make a peace treaty with other
non-Muslim countries such that there
will be a strategic relocation uh and
that is my position on the matter. Yes,
of course in history there have been
times where there have been public
apostasies but in the book that I've
written uh and the capital punishment
employed but that's not the position
that I think is most beneficial for the
world today. And I think uh actually my
historical analysis when I did a
historical analysis I looked at uh
America and I looked at Turkey which are
countries.
No you are contradicting with the uh
with with with the historical consensus
in Islamic Jewish prudence.
Well actually I've just mentioned to you
no you you're saying I'm contradicting
it. I'm giving you evidence from the
consensus is when there's no difference
of opinion. I've just told you
sorry he mentioned that allowance. How
can it be a consensus? The majority
consensus is that apostles are to be put
to death which is
you're forcing you're forcing your world
view on us forcing
countries in the world in the world
today that have
I'm not saying to you
listen listen I don't know what you want
me to say I'm telling you what you don't
want to hear maybe but I'm telling you
it's possible you are being dishonest
because you you came here before and you
excuse as you know as you know I'm not
I'm not shy to say something outrageous
I'm a wild character if I want to I'll
say something outrageous I have no
problem. I'm telling you what what it is
that I've looked at from the books that
I've read and the scholars that I've
spoken to. All of them agree with me.
Yes. That actually it's completely
conceivable and totally allowable within
a Muslim nation that a Muslim nation
does a peace treaty with a non-Muslim
nation and the apost a public apostates
that come out and say we are public
apostates. We are against the prophet
Muhammad. We are against the just like
you and even you know and so on and so
forth maybe not just like you actually
but someone who does all that stuff and
then they can be what would happen to
you well it depends on what you want to
do if you are a public apostate and just
go ahead
if I did if I did exactly what I'm doing
right now in in in the ideal Islamic
country what would happen to me
well look if you did what you're doing
right now in an ideal Islamic country
I'm sure there will be vigilantes okay
that will take that will take the law
into their own hands I'm not there's a
difference between what the civilians do
yes and what the the the law says in an
ideal Islamic country tolerated. It's
like asking me if I do you know this
there was a film called Die Hard 3 you
know I used to watch films when I was
younger Die Hard with a vengeance and
then you know Bruce Willis he came with
this uh with this postage saying I hate
[__] sorry to say the word but he he
said I hate [__] and he went to
Harlem you know Harlem and then and then
these guys saw him and they were going
to kill him. But I'm not going to tell
you that if you are living in a Muslim
majority place and you are ripping up
the Quran in front of in Pakistan or
some place that you're going to be fine.
I'm not going to tell you. I'm not going
to lie.
I'm not talking I'm talking to you about
laws. I'm talking to you about what's
conceivable.
That was my question.
What about the law?
Yeah. The law what I'm saying to you is
I've just told you what the law is
public.
You said you said
what I said in the from the law
perspective is it's totally conceivable
as I've just mentioned, right? And you
know what I've said is the book that the
book that I've written which is called
the uh a public sorry it says treatis I
said it's called um uh critique uh
critiques of the public uh the liberal
critiques to that's the name of the book
that's I forgot the name of the book
it's called liberal critiques to okay
and this book what I what I actually
show historically is this because I'm
sure you're aware you're a Turkish
speaking person you can actually access
now online the majority of Ottoman
archives and a lot of it will be an
Ottoman language. So it's actually not
even in Arabic but this it's kind of
Arabic script but it's Ottoman Turkish
right. So we had a translator who looked
at from the period of say uh Baz the
second which is about 1517 all the way
up to when the end of the Ottoman
Empire. looked at that and we also
looked at uh America and what we found
was quite intriguing actually because
what we found is that there were some
acts in America for example burning of
flags um and so on and so forth which
were prosecuted by death and I show you
the case studies in the book and so this
was a symbolic act it wasn't a military
act it was seen as treacherous and
treasonous and in the same way there
were some uh instances like that in the
Ottoman Empire what I found quite
interesting though was that the Ottoman
judges were less way more reluctant to
exercise apostasy laws that in terms of
uh the primary source materials that is
referenced in the book and you can check
it out
you have access to uh maybe directly so
you can check out actually on an
implementation level how much this was
actually implemented by the way I'm not
trying to say and I want to make this
very clear I'm not trying to say that
there is no such thing um as the capital
punishment in Islam for non non-
allegiance to the state which is like
I'm not saying that but what I'm saying
is that there is maneuverability within
the law the scope the scope of the law
so such that a a hakim if you like a
ruler can there's a scope of
maneuverability there and what I'm
saying is and this is not a reform
position it's not a liberal position
this is within the traditionalist
discourse and I think people like you
should actually listen to people like me
because if I if I if I get my way right
if if I had my recommendation in place
then in fact the world would be in your
world a safer place in your
understanding so why why are you trying
to force Do you cond me to want to kill
you people like you? I don't want to
kill you.
Because I don't believe you.
Look, you don't have to believe me. I've
given you evidence.
Do you condemn the killing of apostates?
Do you condemn it?
Yeah. Because if you kill apostates now,
there is no there there is no law and
order. There's no law.
I would never
condemn capital for a condemn. I
absolutely condemn.
Do you condemn? Do you condemn your
friend Anadawa telling me that I should
absolutely condemn the killing of
apostates because that is completely
against fantastic law and order
apostates listen I I say to you
something you know there's a hadith and
we're talking about primary source
materials now
he's a sahhabi he had a list of
individuals who for all intents of
purposes there were there were people
who had lost their faith and all and the
list of all of those individuals
including Abdul and others those
individuals none of them were killed
Why? Even though all of them were not
they were not sympathetic to Muhammad.
In fact, they were they went against
him. None of them. Why were they not
killed? The reason why they were not
killed is because I put to you and this
is what he says the jurist and this is
before liberalism was even invented. He
wrote this. It's nothing to do with you
changing your faith. Islam and Allah is
not afraid of you changing your faith.
You can change your faith all you like.
We don't care because Allah will judge
you on the day of judgment. We believe
those who change their faith and become
apostates.
that there will be in the hellfire and
burning and all that stuff. We believe
in the terrible damnation. I mean that's
even worse than for us it's a
esqueological reality. We we say that
this is nothing to do with you changing
your faith. It's all to do yes with the
allegiance or non-legiance to a state.
And if your bay or the allegiance is
premised on a theological reality which
is yes uh
and you believe and you believe that the
state should be Islamic and everybody
should be forced to pledge allegiance to
the state. Don't
no I don't think that is any look if
it's a Muslim majority country
absolutely
yeah if it's a Muslim country
so so what is the difference then
believe that an Islamic
state should I think if it's a Muslim
majority country then there's a
democratic impetus for the even on
democratic worldview for you to say well
the majority are Muslim if they want
Islam then surely on democratic
principles outsiders should have nothing
to do with that but
so everything you everything that you
have said was just a complete waste of
time because you believe that maybe you
don't understand it that's because you
believe in Islam that an Islamic uh
state an Islamic government should be
established if the majority is is Muslim
including
the Islamic government should you for
example you for example want to spread
Islam to the entire UK so if the entire
UK majority of the entire UK was Muslim
I don't believe in that I don't believe
Islamic state and this Islamic state
should require
I don't want an Islamic state in Britain
I'm not asking for Islamic state in
Britain
I for example left Islam in that Islamic
state and openly spoke about it and
openly spoke against this religion, then
I would be put to death. And you
I'm not saying you're put to death. I'm
not saying you're put to death under any
guy. You're making it seem like we want
to kill you. No one wants to kill you.
Like
no one no one wants to kill you.
You're not afraid of convers.
That's your decision. I swear to God, I
don't care. I swear
Do you care about that? What I'm saying
you are you are aware that you are aware
that the majority of your of your fellow
believe that you for that reason you
will be you'll be eternally damned in
the hellfire.
You are you are aware that the majority
of your fellow fellow Islamic Islamic
scholars and apologists agree that uh
that that that apostates who make their
apostasy open should be put to death
including your friends Alawa including
Daniel including many others.
Do
you think they are wrong and you condemn
them for that?
Well here's my belief. Here's my belief.
I believe that what they're saying is
they're mentioning a classical opinion
in the books of or Jewish
they're saying it should happen. They're
not mentioning
if they're saying it should happen. My
view is that if we actually have an
Islamic state and this is what I
recommended in my book. It's in print.
It's in print. Yeah. I'm saying that if
there is an Islamic state, I believe
that that Islamic state should have a
peace treaty with a non-Islamic state
such that apostates, public apostates uh
don't need to be killed or don't are not
killed at all. There's no harm done to
them and there's strategically re
relocation and that is not despite the
of the prophet. It is because of the
sayings of the prophet and the evidence
of that is the fact that the prophet
wasallam in
he actually had a peace treaty to that
effect.
Is that without expect is that without
exception for all apostates?
Yes. All apostates will be
you think you think no apostates should
be killed. They should all be relocated
to different countries.
Absolutely. That's that that's my view.
I don't think
I app I appreciate that.
That's a good idea. That's a really good
idea. I think that if you have Muslim
apostate public apostates because if
you're private if you're doing things
privately there's no harm on you but
there's considerable harm as you know on
apost public apostates who apostate
apostasize in Muslim majority places. So
those individuals should be relocated in
my view, yeah, to other non-Muslim
countries. And that is not despite what
the prophet said is because of what he
allowed in the final peace treaty that
he concluded with
and in fact uh
in his in his uh discussion of this and
other scholars I'm just mentioning
because it comes to mind. He says it's
not abrogated. This is an unabrogated
law. So it's if this if this peace
treaty is in place, my view is that
actually that should be what happens.
Now I've said this a few times.
I I would like to I would like to uh
reiterate this for for the public
because I think this is uh very great
news because many other people
especially those especially many many of
those who who oppose Islam would like to
hear this in very short sentences. So
Muhammad Hijab here uh agrees that
Muhammad Hijab opposes the general
ruling of the killing of all of
apostates, public and private apostates.
And he and he and he agrees that and he
agrees that if in an Islamic state in an
Islamic country which a majority Muslim
country should turn into then uh then uh
apostates apostates should not be killed
but they should be forcibly relocated to
other countries which is still by
definition genocide but at least it is
not death. So that is what you are
agreeing
genocide.
Well this is by definition genocide.
It's not genocide. No it's not genocide.
It is called genocide. No, no, no. What?
Stop trying to use words that are you
don't know what the definitions of them
are.
It is by definition.
Let me tell you, can I just articulate
it? Can I correct your articulation?
Muhammad Hijab believes that in an ideal
Islamic state in the 21st century that
if there is a Muslim country, Muslim
majority country that claims to rule by
Islamic law that such Muslim Islamic
country should make a peace treaty or a
a contract with other non-Muslim
countries such that if a public
apostates become apparent in the public
sphere public, yes, that such public
apostates are relocated. And he is
basing this on the final hadith of the
prophet Muhammad wasallam where he the
prophet allowed such uh thing to happen
with and uh and where the scholars of
Islam and in fact you could even argue
the majority of scholars allow such
thing. Muhammad hijab is not saying it's
not conceivable within an Islamic state
or it's not understood classically that
there was such a thing yeah in the
th,400 years of Islamic history as
public apostasy. Uh sorry.
punishments. I'm not I'm not saying
that. What I'm saying is that there's a
maneuverability within the scope of
Jewish prudence, Islamic Jewish
prudence, which allows Muslims to
actually make this a kind of contract.
And I think that if Muslim majority
countries make such contracts, that that
will decrease
the the ability of the non-Muslim enemy,
yes, to be able to attack Islam and its
peoples on the pretense of human human
rights. And I think
you think it is not conceivable that
there should be such a thing.
I don't understand the question. Sorry.
Could you repeat that?
You you said you you said you're not
saying that it is uh not conceivable
that there was such a thing in the
history and in the past the killing of
apostates. Do you also say that it is
not conceivable that there should be
such a thing in our time or in the
future? Do you think it do you think it
is uh wrong inconceivable impossible?
I say I say that Muslim
No, I I know I know what you think. I
know what you what you suggest. But do
you think it is absolutely wrong and
inconceivable that apostates no matter
what kind of apostates they are should
I haven't used the word inconceivable
because inconceivable means not
possible. Right? Sorry, I'm just going
to put this on plain mode. Um it means
not possible. I'm not saying it's
impossible. I'm not saying I'm not
making an argument from conceivability.
This is this is not what I'm saying. I'm
just saying I'm making a policy
recommendation for Muslim majority
countries and I've made that
it's just a recommendation.
No, it's a recommendation based on the
actions of the prophet
that but that's all it is. So you would
still in the end
in the end
of the prophet
look looking at the Islamic dawene for
example the consensus is that uh the
right thing to do is to put apostates
public apostates to death if if
you are but so therefore
that is not that is not no that is not
part of the that is not part of the
point. My point is uh majority of people
for example come together and think that
the appropriate punishment for apostasy
public apostasy would be death. So if
people now come together and established
such a state and they said this is the
ruling that we should apply. Sorry
Muhammad hijab your suggestion is very
nice but we cannot do that because we
agree to this.
Yeah.
Do you think that is okay? I've I've had
conversations with policy officials in
countries like Malaysia and I've
actually had the chance to influence uh
their spokespeople and I've given I've
given them I've given them these kinds
of recommendations because as you know
Brunai is a country that is nearby and
they look look at that for as an example
because we're talking about really we're
we're talking about what is in the
common interest and what's not in the
common interest and this is something
which many people like yourself that And
on the other hand as well, Muslims, they
don't understand and I'm trying to
trying to educate everyone here that
actually Brunai when they when they
attempted to put a full-fledged uh laws
what what happened to them as a country
they were under attack from all spheres
and they're too small to defend
themselves. So how how can they um be a
Muslim country? How can they uh do as
much as they can do within the scope of
the international yani the the walk out
or the the international environment
whilst at the same time being faithful
to their Islamic position. I'm giving
them a very reasonable and practical
solution. I'm giving people countries
like Brunai. What do you do with what
what would you do with countries like
Brunai when you have apostates in Brunai
if they try and kill? Imagine trying to
kill a public apostate in Brunai. I mean
just think about that for a second. What
would you think America would do? I
think they would actually I think they
would threaten invasion. I believe that.
Of course. Of course.
Yeah. Yeah. For that reason I I don't
think that it's within anybody's
interest. And what I'm saying is that
the look this is what I want to people
to understand. Islamic Jewish prudence
is wide. Okay? It's not black and white.
It really is not black and white. I'm a
traditionalist. You know that I'm a
traditionalist. I'm not scared to tell
you the most severe view of everything.
But what I'm saying is within look was
Ibamia student. I mean even Tamia was
the traditionalist if you like. I'm a
traditionalist. I'm telling you that
this is fully in line. I want to confirm
that what I'm saying is fully in line.
But what I want people to understand
this conversation about apostasy now I
think we've done and dusted with it. If
this is your strongest argument
it is not it is not an argument. This is
look even if you open to
we ask you I've given you the fraud.
Tell me what what's your biggest
objection against this s. Uh this is
presented.
No, this is not what I presented. We
came to this topic because uh they kept
ask they kept asking about rooting up
done. So what is your it is it is it is
not done. It is not done. I have to
remark something. So uh your entire we
talked about this for uh 15 20 minutes
and the and the entire talk was about
how uh relocating people was a
recommendation that is that is in line
uh with opinion with traditionalist
Muslim opinion in history
with the actual prophet
okay in line with it but uh but that
this is just one of the options that you
would recommend this because you would
consider this beneficial
one of the but this is just one of the
one of the options where the issue
one of the whereas one of the other
options is also that I should be put to
death, for example.
No, my my argument is this. My argument
is that classic. No, please, please,
let's not trivialize these issues. Stop
making yourself the victim because
I'm not making myself the victim. I am
in no danger, Muhammad. I am in
absolutely no danger. I can do I can do
whatever the hell I want. Let me let me
give you my reassurance. I'm not scared
at all.
I don't think you're a public threat. I
don't think you're an intellectual
threat. I don't think you're a physical
threat. I don't think it makes sense for
anybody to try and threaten you
physically.
I am in no danger. This is not about me.
This is ridiculous. It's not about me.
I'm not saying that we should be killing
you. So what what I'm saying now, look
at the end.
It's just a recommendation. That's it.
So we're done with the topic. It's a
recommendation of trying to get a nice
headline for
framework. Isn't it what I'm saying to
you now? Look, Islam, you have to
understand this is a branch. Okay, and
penal laws and so on is a branch of
Islam. But really, we have to understand
what the foundations are. The
foundations of Islam is is the idea of
one God worthy of worship that we
believe that the creator god right and
the fact that we believe that prophet is
the final messenger like when you come
to that conclusion okay then things that
you might otherwise feel um you know
unworthy or aesthetically unpleasing and
so on will start to become more sensical
in you see so you have to start with the
roots so
we can we can we can come to that we can
come to that
you've given me one question and I've
we can come to Just the opening the
opening topic here.
We're supposed to we're supposed to
start with the rude.
This is where we're supposed to.
Hey, this is respectful.
No, you have not let me speak at all for
not even once.
I haven't said a word for the last like
15 10 million minutes. We let you speak.
Wait for your strongest argument. You
have no argument.
Adam Sal and Slim here argued at the
beginning that it is absolutely
inconceivable and completely wrong to
kill people for their beliefs and this
is completely not Islamic. Whereas I
don't know if you can follow I don't I
don't think you have been able to
follow. follow 10% of what Mhammed said
but basically but basic
question was what is
have you've given me one question I
think that's fair
just told me that you always let me
speak and now
you're trying to get a click title of
Muhammad hijab or Adam and it's just
talking here
aside aside
look look we're giving you the floor
what we're saying is Islam look you have
to understand Islam from the beginning
Islam as a religion.
I will not I will not argue theology
with you here.
I will not argue.
It's not about arguing. It's we're
talking here. It's not an argument.
I I will not I will not talk about
theology here. I made I made a very
I made a I made a it is theology just
basic theology. I made a very clear
offer to you. I said if you want to
exchange opinions on on whether it is
question,
man, why don't you just let me speak? I
alone.
You just keep saying this.
Let's talk it. You're right here. I made
I made you I made you an offer. If you
want to talk about whether Islam is the
truth or not, then we can unite and talk
talk on a third party platform where
none of us
I know what you want to say.
Jesus Christ.
Then we can we can talk on a platform
where none of us is in charge where
nobody can interrupt each other like
this so that we can so that we can
freely talk about uh why you think Islam
is the truth and why I don't think Islam
is the truth.
Well, there's no need to go through all
of that.
Why not? Why not? That is that is the
most that is that is the fairest that is
the fairest most professional way to
have a debate
platform. This is a big platform. I'm
not wanting to have you're not wanting
to have a debate with me.
The biggest probably one of the biggest
Muslim YouTubers out there refusing to
have a fair debate with me opportunity
right now. There's no go anywhere else.
There's no seriously. I mean
this is the fourth time that you are
refusing to have a debate with me.
No making excuses. No one arguing for
the debate. We're waiting for him, man.
Come on. Come on, man.
I made I made it very clear of I will
not
grandstanding. Please, let's just just
have a discussion. This is not
I am grandstanding because you are being
you're acting you're acting very scared.
I'm sorry. You're scared of the topic.
You are you are scared of the topic.
No, of course I'm scared. It doesn't
make Islam false.
No, it it doesn't make Islam false. Of
course, it doesn't prove a point to the
public.
I'll tell you the truth. I don't think
I'm scared. I you know
I think you are
I think you are.
Okay, fine.
I think you're think I'm scared. It
doesn't matter because that's a fight.
The scary one hasn't said his argument
though. You didn't say your argument
engagement. You're not scared.
It does. It doesn't make it doesn't make
Islam false. But that is the entire
point. We should be able to come
together and properly have a fair debate
on whether Islam is the truth or not.
It's not about
discussion now. We're having a
discussion now. So all I'm saying is
look, I'll I'll be very straightforward
with you. There's four things I would
say about Islam being the truth. I'm not
even going to go through maybe three
things. Yeah. For the sake of argument.
We we say it. Number one, the argument
from God. We say that there's only one
God.
This is I'll make it. I'll put it to you
to you now.
There will be people there will be
people watching this stream because I am
here who will normally not watch the
stream. What is happening here is that
by not letting me speak and only you
speak, you will clearly make it look
like you are making a big point that I
cannot make because because you do not
because you do not let me respond. So
you cannot you cannot use you cannot
trick me into a conversation and then
use this as an opportunity to propagate
your ideas.
Leave the hat leave the take the heart.
I deliberately said I deliberately said
we should have a fair fairly I want to
hear what you guys say. I want to hear
what we have to say. All I'm saying is
this. Islam makes a case for itself.
Okay? It makes a case for itself. We say
that there's only one God worthy of
worship that all conceptions of God
other than the Islamic ones, if you look
at the six major world religions, are
actually incompatible with logic and
incompatible with the predisposition.
Number one. Number two, we say that
look, the Quran itself has falsification
challenges. It it actually says if
there's any if you if you believe that
this book is from other than God, then
please try and find you would have found
it many contradictions. and kazira shown
many of them
challenge there to try and find
contradictions in the Quran
I have falsified the Quran on a very
high level
do it now that's fine the ineitability
challenge is to try and produce
something like the Quran which means
that it has to go within the scope of it
has to do exactly what the Quran has
done which includes by the way telling
the future because the Quran speaks
explicitly about a future events like
chapter 30:es 1-6
and it is
and yes and many other places of the
Quran like chapter 24 55 and onwards
so so yes it about that
explicitly about future events and it
does so accurately even according to
western philosophers sorry
the six scientific mistakes of the
I'm saying to you is if number one you
said that you found contradictions in it
so my my challenge to you now is to try
and find a contradiction
do you think do you think the stars do
you think the stars are missiles thrown
at devils for example
well chapter 67 1-5 um you know where it
says
first of It says, you know, this if this
is your strongest argument, let me
answer it.
No, it's not.
Well, I will not make my strongest
argument. I'm throwing I'm throwing rock
I'm throwing I'm throwing rocks at you.
I want you to answer this.
Okay. So, we're not abiding by rules.
So, the Quran says in chapter 60, I
think verse three or four, 67, sorry,
five 675 I believe.
Yeah, 675.
We have certainly adorned the the
heavenly realm with uh with stars
and we have made it a pelting thing for
the devils. Now what is first of all? So
there's a difference of opinion. Some
say it's meteorites, some they say stars
and says and we have made it as a
pelting things for the for the devils.
So it's saying that devils because if
you look at chapter 37 of the Quran and
other parts in the very first um five
chapters uh verses sorry you'll find
that the dunya or the the heavenly realm
is adorned with stars with has many
functionalities of them to try and find
your way as the Quran says of them so it
can go around in orbits as the Quran
says and by the way the Quran says in
chapter 25 that there are many sons
because it says um
No, it does not.
Pardon?
What does it say that?
Yeah, it says in chapter 25.
There's two. It says
what chapter? What verse?
Uh I I can't remember the verse here,
but this you you can just check it 25.
Chapter 25.
That is most definitely untrue.
Well, I've just quoted it in the Arabic.
You can Why is it most definitely
untrue? I've I've just told you in the
Arabic because I don't know the verse
number. Sorry, I don't know the verse
numbers. I haven't memorized the verse
numbers. I've memorized the Arabic. So,
um there's two one of them and there's
another one
a shining lamp and means many stars. A
shining lamp means a star and sorry,
many suns, one sun and many suns. So in
other words, the Quran says that there
are many sons. The cosmic picture of the
Quran therefore is that there are many
sons, many solar systems because suns
are accompanied with solar systems and
that they have many functionalities of
them. There is a metaphysical thing
which we can't see which is that the
Quran that the um the stars or the
celestial spheres they actually pelt the
devils or the jin because we believe in
this uh the this creation called the
jin. into we haven't created the jin and
the human beings except they worship it.
So the the these celestial bodies
actually pelt them. What's the how can
you falsify that? I don't see the issue.
But theological
picture is not something which is seen
as the cosmological picture of the Quran
is not something which I would say is
out of line with 21st century uh
understandings.
You have not you have not given me any
uh any any any proof. It is a very big
claim to claim that uh that the Quran
actually describes uh many sons or many
stars.
You just said it in
check.
Yeah, you don't have to give me give me
any uh
uh I'll get it now. Sorry, let me just
get a few now. But remember in the
English they won't there's two. Yeah.
One second.
Okay. Good. This is verse.
He just said it. I don't know. You had
to look for it. But
verse 61. Chapter 25:61. So there's two.
There's one is the glory be to the one
who has made in the star sky stars.
Yeah. And has made in it many sons. One
sun. You know a sun like a sun and the
moon. So it made many sons. And the
Quran, you know, here's my understanding
of the Quran, the cosmology. You can
interp this is an outrageous this is an
outrageous claim. Every taps that I'm
looking at and including the the modern
and old translations tell us that there
are many constellations or stars in the
sky and that there's also a lamp a lamp
says here look
a lamp and an illuminating moon which
refers to the sun and the moon. This is
no ridiculous thing.
It says it here. Look, I can read it to
you if you want. It says um this is
so there's one way of saying it which is
so that means one son this is what is
saying uh and the other ones say uh
yeah which means has many sons. That's
what says,
but you can't access tab because it's in
Arabic. So, it's not in English.
The point is the point I'm making is
that the cosmological picture in the
Quran is one which can be in line with
7th century Arabian unscient if you want
to call it the unscientific
understanding. But it can actually also
be and this is one of the arguments
another argument it can actually also be
in line with 21st century understandings
of science.
Pardon? It cannot be the the general the
general understanding of this of this
Quran verse for example uh even
according to the to to the taps to the
most renowned taps which is kafir and
all the translations that we have
clearly says that this is speaking about
uh constellations and it has and there
is a lamp and an illuminous light which
which in other parts of the Quran is is
is
in English is the problem
is repeated numerous times. It refers to
the sun and the moon. The land
moon two ways of reading it. One of them
is like that. You're right.
No, but there's another way of reading
it which is so both of them are
acceptable and says that. So the
cosmological p once again the
cosmological picture in the Quran and
this is one of the arguments for Islam
being true because let me give you an
example right you know the Quran says
um
chapter 35
9:5 where it says that he he he he makes
the you know he talks about the the sun
the moon and that
the yuk here means that he rolls the
night into the day and he rolls the
night the night into the the day into
the Right.
And by the way, the because there's a
guy called
who who's
he says this shows that the earth is
round. Okay, this shows that the earth
is round because is when you wrap the
night and the day around each other. Now
one easy argument I can make is the
Quran according to the the the the early
generations the companions and those who
came after them according to those
people and he actually has a which is
believe that the earth is round. Now
there are some people who say the earth
is flat. There are some scholars who say
that but there are there are the there
are some scholars from the the early
generations who say that the earth is
round. Whereas if you look there there
are many among them who say that it is
flat. Why? Yes, two interpretations.
Yeah, I agree. I agree.
Why Why are we doing this selectively?
So, I I do
I agreed I agreed with you that.
Okay. I do I do not point out that that
this is that that Muslims all agree that
the earth was flat and that this is what
we should therefore agree on that here's
the argument. The argument is that
you're right that there are some Muslim
scholars in the past who have said the
earth is flat. But there are some who
use the Quran to show that the earth is
round. Now,
the opposite also used the Quran to say
that the earth is flat. The others also
used the
early generations from the early
generations.
Well, there was also the
like who?
I I I I I cannot memorize uh names but
maybe looked at it but I don't think
there's anyone from the that says that
the earth is flat. Okay.
Sure. I can I can look into it because
according to Ib actually Ib has a has a
fatwa on this
and he says in it that there's there's a
consensus among the scholars that the
earth is round and many
Ham says that says that
you said you said I
yes I
but he liveth in a time where it was
pretty clear the earth was was around.
Yeah.
I don't think we can
the Greeks knew that the earth was
round. The Greeks knew it. I mean I'm
not trying to make an argument from
that. Ibent Tamia was 8th century or
whatever 728 ah we're talking about the
Greeks knew it. I'm not saying that. I'm
saying that look if you look at the
Bible the Old Testament corpus there's
there's never been a petristic scholar
for example an an early church father
who has said the earth is round because
of what's written in the Bible they
always write they always refer to um the
Greeks like arisetilian logic whereas in
the whereas the um the commentary the
exeutical commentary in the Quran allows
there to be an interpretation which says
that the earth is round yes and uh that
comes from the Quran rather than from
Greek sources. The point is I'm making
is that the Quran is compatible with 7th
century understandings of cosmology but
it's also compatible with 21st century
understanding and both of them you can
find executical precedent for that. So
for example, when you're looking at many
suns, many constellations that the earth
is round, you can find commentaries that
go all the way back to the cellar, you
can find the commentaries that talk
about the expanding universe all the way
back to the cell. All of these are
afforded from the petristic sources
about the old testament for example. So
that's
yeah look at this look at this
testament petristic sources. Yeah,
look at this. We have we have we have uh
many Quran verses. I I in fact made a
made a compilation of this. many Quran
verses which would on a plain reading
indicate that that the earth is flat
that the sun travels over the earth that
that the moon follows the earth the
Quran even explicitly literally says
that the moon follows the earth for
example
and u if if you if you read these on a
plain reading uh if you read the entire
Quran on a plain reading and you don't
have any idea about the universe about
what actually what things actually look
like you would clearly understand that
that our world is a a a a flat a plain
place which above which there above
which there is there is a ceiling which
could crack which is being held up by
things. But you know it could be very
easy for example for the Quran to give
us revolutionary information and to say
and to talk about space which is not
mentioned in the Quran. Talk about
galaxies which is not mentioned. Talk
about different planetary systems,
planets or the universe for example.
Yeah. We found out only within the last
few centuries.
I understand. But what what I'm the
argument I'm making is not that the
Quran says things scientifically which
were not known at the time and so on and
so forth. I I actually say that there
were many things about the Quran that
were known before in Greek times and so
on. My argument is sorry I'm just uh my
argument is in fact this my argument is
that the Quran is compatible with
seventh century understandings of
science or cosmology but it's also has
the unique multi-dimensional
compatibility with 21st understandings
and that's not despite an isog Jesus
it's because of an ex Jesus. So what I'm
saying to you is this is that this if
you look at the Bible, if you look at
the Bible for example, there's nothing
to indicate that the earth is round in
the Bible from the from the clear
verses. You could say if you wanted to
if you wanted to say that the earth is
um there are scholars there were people
from the from the early generations way
before uh telescopes were invented in
Islam that said that the earth was round
and they did that despite the
cosmological evidences. They used
chapters of the Quran like Hassam
actually used in his fist. He used
chapter 39:5 as a reason to to to
suggest that the earth is round. Now
that's unique to the Quran that it has
the capacity to align itself
cosmologically with a seventh century
understanding and with a 21st century
understanding. You see, so this is an
argument I'm making that not oh it
didn't know things from the not a zak
argument. I'm making an argument of uh
the fact that the Quran, the cosmology
of the Quran is a cosmology which is
compatible not only with the 7th century
but can be compatible with 21st. I'm not
saying that there's no way. Yes. Sorry,
these people keep calling me. I I really
don't know why they keep calling Yani
like that. Sorry, I just not Yeah, but
what I'm saying so you understand the
point here. So uh so these are
arguments. Prophecies are something
else. Like the prophet Muhammad we say
he made explicit prophecies about the
future. He told us in in many hadiths
where Islam will spread. He told us
Islam will spread to Egypt. He told us
Islam will spread to India. He told us
Islam will spread to a synindia and
what's now Pakistan. He told us it will
spread to your country in Turkey that
the the Arabs will fight the Turks. He
told us that
count six things between the hour. One
of them is motiat
that Jerusalem was g Islam is going to
enter Jerusalem which is a place which
is the crown jewel of the Roman Empire.
Islam predicted the demise of the Roman
Empire. Islam predicted the demise of
the Persian Empire. Islam predicted the
the construction of very tall buildings.
Islam predicted the the advent of
sexually transmitted diseases like AIDS
and gore and so on. Islam predict makes
predictions that I would argue and this
is a challenge that there's no religion
on the face of the earth that has been
able to do make so many challenges about
the future so many predictions about the
future and be so accurate in all of
those predictions. So what I'm saying is
that
I would strongly contest that I would
strongly contest that
I would I would like to I would like to
first off respond to the to the science
point. Um yes, you you are of course
arguing that the Quran is is is not only
compatible with its time when it comes
to science but also compatible
compatible with modern times like today
when it comes to science. I would
definitely disagree with that and say
always I can I can correct that
articulation. I'm not saying that Islam
has to be completely congruent with 21st
century science. But I'm saying the what
I said is the cosmology of Islam or the
depicted cosmology in the Quran is uh
something which can be harmonized with
21st understandings of Islam. Now there
are things it's it's conceivable that
Islam can uh sometimes go against
science because science is not an
enterprise which is perfect as you know
it's it's not an encourageable
enterprise sometimes it will change and
we know that there are many things which
change in science it's called paradigm
shift Thomas
uh okay let me get back to the point
then I would I would definitely say that
the Quran can uh not be seen as
compatible with uh with with the modern
understanding of science because there
are many examples to that where the
Quran for example describes that
mountains were put into the earth that
Allah made the earth a that that that
Allah is holding up the sky that Allah
sends rain from the sky that Allah sends
thunders from the sky and so many more
ising rain from the sky against
so many so many so many more more
examples uh that is that is only the
scientific part you could argue forever
I have made a huge collection
I understand but can I just can I
comment on
no no you you moved on to you moved on
to prophecies
before you get to prophecies because you
did mention a few points I think it's
no you end you ended the talk of of
scientific
just just on just on the point on on
those examples you gave. So you see the
examples that you gave on like for
example the Quran refers to you said
you know so and so on chapter 78 verses
1 to4 you know it refers to the the the
the earth as a me which is basically the
Arabic word for me bed yeah a resting
place as a as a now but now the question
is can the Quran can it be interpreted
can someone pluck out verses and make it
interpreted to fit a flat earth model
I'm not saying no but what I'm saying is
that we have had early interpretations
using the Quran despite the cosmology
that agree that the earth is round and
in fact there's more vigor in that
direction. So in other words more people
like as I've just said to you from the
salah he's quote and his
fat and look at hass he was 400 400
years after the prophet he was saying
based on chapter 35 39:5 that the earth
is round so the idea once again that the
the meh that the earth is a me a bed is
not something really which is understood
to indicate the shape of the earth
because a resting place a bed it can be
a cradle can be something which you
basically put in any kind of shape like
you know you cradle a baby in this way
or so on and if it was so clear and and
this the point if it was so clear
someone who's a strict scripturalist
like a traditionist like Iben Tamir and
the Salah they would not be saying that
the earth is definitely round
I would I don't think that they have any
authority over deciding what the Quran
actually says because they lived in a
time in which it was only the only
reasonable thing to agree that the earth
is actually round
from the prophet because
when you look at this but when you look
at this Quran verse for example like
chapter 2 verse 22 it is he who made for
you the earth a bed and and the sky a
ceiling. Look, look at this. I'm talking
about the context. I'm not talking about
just describing the earth as a bed. You
could imply that it could mean something
else. He made for you the earth a bed uh
and the sky a ceiling and sent down from
the sky rain and brought forth thereby
fruit as provision for you. So do not
attribute whatever to him. It further
says in uh in following verses that
Allah also put uh mountains into the
earth. So
yeah, imagine this earth. What's the
problem? Rain, rain is not something
that comes uh from the sky. The sky is
not something solid. The sky does not
exist. The sky is only an appearance,
only something that we have that we see.
In the Arabic language, sorry, can I
just correct you on something here? The
sky in the Arab
in the Arabic language according to
actually all of the consulted.
It's a barrier according to the Quran.
No, no, it's not. It's not according to
Let me explain. I'll give you the re
I'll give you the references. According
to
which is one of the authoritative um
kawami dictionaries of the Arabs the
whenever the word is used it just means
that which is above okay that which is
above now the verse that you've
mentioned in chapter 2 vers 22.
[Music]
Yeah, this verse actually what the word
fash here once again it just means an
expanse and once many people have
explained this the word and this is the
problem the word has more than one
meaning the word which means here the
earth has the meaning of the earth the
planet earth but it also has the meaning
of the land it has that which is below
just like is that which is above which
means that which is below so you could
endlessly explain what what this could
also mean no I would like to I'd like to
give the average
chapter 39:5 I would like to give the
the average Muslim viewer just just one
thing. Uh close
close your eyes.
Interpret it's uncharitable.
Think think about a
what you need to do.
Think think about a scenario where you
do not know uh what the earth and the
universe looks like. Think about it. You
you are you are in a place and you don't
know what anything looks like. You don't
know anything about modern science. You
open this this Quran. This is the first
thing that you read and you just read it
and you only read the description uh of
the earth in the book. What will you
think? The only the only the only
conclusion that you can come to is that
the earth is a is a flat bed that has a
ceiling on it which cannot be cranked.
That thought has actually been done.
Okay. Like I'm telling you again the
thought experiment has actually been
done because
okay which means the prophet says
the best generation is my generation
then the ones who follow them and then
the ones who follow them. So there's
three generations golden they called the
golden generations. Ibn Munada is
actually a part of the golden
generations. Meaning Ibn Muneda is a
Salah. He is part of the golden
generations. He is looking at the Quran.
He's not he doesn't have a telescope. He
doesn't have any of these tools that
you're talking about. And he says
according to we have a that is a
complete san which is he says the earth
is round. So it's it's not fair for you
to say this is what's going to happen.
I've got the evidence to the contrary.
someone who lived 1,300 years ago
looking at the Quran because he's
looking at do you know what he looks at
the verses that even Hassan mentions
chapter 39:5 because comes from the
Arabic word means ball when it says
we call we call it you know you guys are
Yemen as well you know
yeah
football so when when when
is a literalist to the highest degree he
says that the earth is round because it
says right that the earth is round and
this actually was your strongest
argument I think in one No, it was not.
It was not. So So what we're doing here,
what we're doing here is that is that uh
as a Did you put that in one of your
videos? Number one, earth according to
the Quran.
I I I made a video on that. I made a
video on many things.
Number one reason why you think Islam is
wrong because uh
not absolutely not.
Wow. So you don't
this is my number one reason.
So what is your number one reason?
My number there there are many number
one reason. What what we what we're
doing here is that for 10,000 years uh
the Muslim world had no idea of of the
of the universe, the galaxies, the
planetary systems, the sky and anything.
Uh we have we have we have gone through
we have gone through many Islamic
scholars
and many ideas that the earth is the
center of everything that the sun goes
somewhere at night. Even even according
to a to a hadith Muhammad says that the
sun uh at night the sun goes to a
resting place and it goes under the
throne of Allah and prostrates under the
throne of Allah and ask for permission
to rise again rise again in the morning
and then it's it's given permission to
rise in the morning and it comes back
and rises and one day it will not be
given permission so it will go back and
rise in the in the west which is
inconceivable the sun doesn't go
anywhere the sun is just here at the at
the center of a planet around no no I'm
talking about this. So, so the Muslim
world, the Muslim world and the Muslim
scholars had no idea how things look
like. We have now recently understood
how things actually look and now we are
selectively going back and choosing
specific Islamic scholars and
the point here is what I'm giving you is
evidence from the early generations. So,
you can't say we're
we cannot we cannot just take evidence
uh you know
what do we do this?
We cannot take what do we do?
Let me speak. This this is why context
is important. uh we cannot we cannot
take selective uh scholars and their
opinions at face value as single
evidence that what you have said for
example is entirely true. I would we
could take we could take many uh
sources. I have taken many uh many
sources much p piece of evidence from
early scholars who have argued that the
earth is definitely uh flat who have
argued that the earth is definitely the
center of the univer
I'm saying is that look the Quran says
in chapter 3:7 right
that there are some of the book some of
the book has verses which are very
clearcut and other ones which are
ambiguous meaning the ones which are
slightly ambiguous which can have more
than one interpretation you can't say
this like I I will say to you just as I
say to some Muslim apologists some
Muslim apologists say the Quran
definitely says XY Z it says this it
says the expanding universe the big bang
I'm saying look we can't be so sure to
say that the Quran says that for sure
but at the same time we can't say so
sure surely the Quran says the earth is
flat I'm saying if you want to have a
scholarly opinion you have to allow for
both interpretations to allowed. What
I'm saying is that we have evidence from
the early generations that allow this
interpretation and we have evidence from
the early generations which allow that
interpretation. So those both
interpretations are valid. We can't now
confine something which is into
something which is uh narrow because
No, of course I'm just I'm just arguing
Islamic agenda. Some people have a
pro-Islamic agenda.
No, I I agree with that. I agree with
that. You think that you think the Quran
is is is is uh you know that it can be
combined with today's scientific
knowledge of the world. I disagree. I
disagree with that. We have
way my my point is that it can't be
combined. All I'm saying is this.
Sometimes the Quran will not combine
with with with
I understand. We have different
opinions. It is fine. I'm not saying
so long as that so long as Islam allows
so long as Islam allows for a
multiplicity of interpretations within
the scope of uh ex Jesus. You can't say
this is definitely what it means. Just
like I would say to someone who's on the
other side, you know that the earth
definitely, sorry, the universe is
definitely big bang because it says in
chapter 21:30 that can
one piece and then we cleve them. We
is a huge misinterpretation for
Yeah. I'm not saying that it means the
big bang. I'm saying that you can't say
for sure that's the big bang. In fact,
saying for sure it's the big bang is
problematic because then you're there's
like four interpretations according to
and you're you're taking one of them and
pressing it forward. What I'm saying is
that allow the scope because when the
cosmologists tomorrow change their
opinion on what the universe con
constitutes of then we're going to go
back to square one and try and re
reinterpret the Quran again. Therefore,
all I'm saying is that the Quran by and
large I'm not even saying fully by and
large is harmonious with 21st
cosmological understandings if you
accept one of many opinions. It's I'm
not saying that if it's is definitely in
all cases. I'm saying that yeah you can
interpret the Quran if you like in an
unscientific way. you see in the ways
that you have but I'm not and what I
refuse to accept is that that's the only
way to interpret the Quran and you can't
say that it is because I've given you
evidence to the contrary. So now
yeah sorry yeah now the challenge is as
follows. The challenge is as we said we
started off by saying the Quran has it
claims to be a preserved book and I'm
willing to defend that position. We
talked about the prophecies. We talked
about the fact that the Quran is
multi-dimensional in its understanding
of nature. We talked about the fact that
there's no contradiction in the Quran.
So the challenge now is for you as a one
of the leading anti-Muslim uh uh pmics
is to provide contradictions within the
Quran okay which are very clear and
unresolvable from a logical perspective
or otherwise to show that there has been
a prophecy that was made by the prophet
of Islam or the Quran that in fact did
not materialize that the prophet or
Islam said this will happen and the
opposite thing happened for example
that's these are falsifiers these are
yeah these have divine sorry religiously
disproving implications. You have to pro
you have to provide evidence something
that shows that this religion is wrong.
right now all you've shown is
I would I would definitely I would
definitely appreciate
understanding of the scope of
interpretation in Islamic um ex Jesus
and
so we have just agreed that we can have
different opinions on these things
because you can inter interpret things
differently but you have and I have even
accepted that your opinion and your
interpretation may be true but you have
directly ruled that my uh opinion and my
interpretation is definitely wrong and
that it is justification
can be true as well in terms of the
unscientific You just you just said it
was wrong.
No, no, no. What I said was if you want
to say that the earth is flat, you're
not going to be a disbeliever in Islam
because if you say the earth if you want
to be a flat earth Muslim, it's not a
point of you're a disbeliever. That's my
view. But
I I think the Quran says the earth is
flat.
Yeah. Fine. If you think that, that's
fine. That's that's absolutely fine. But
you can't say that that's exactly what
everyone
No, I don't I don't I don't I'm not
saying that.
The early authorities, the early
authority before the cosmological age,
before the scientific revolution, before
the capernac revolution, before all of
that, all of the positions that we have
in science on a cosmological level now
can be represented. I'm telling you that
can be represent in early Islam.
Okay, that's good. I agree with that. I
understand that. That's that's
fantastic. It's fantastic. I I find it
fantastic that you have agreed that that
this is also a valid opinion. So, uh
to this prove the Quran. So, now what
are you going to do now? I I I would I
would I would I would appreciate if you
also referred to me as as one of the as
one of the biggest Islamophobes. I would
really appreciate that because you have
recently given a title to
I didn't say Islamophob I said leading
online.
That's that's actually very good. I
appreciate that. It flatters me very
much. But uh you know what you know what
uh I I I actually appreciate this very
much uh Muhammad Hijab. I think uh this
has been a very fruitful and productive
conversation so far and I think this is
this is fantastic. We could we could
have we could have done this. I mean,
you you have allowed me to give you some
uh to give you some information to give
you some knowledge on the Quran to to to
further your knowledge and your
understanding of of Islam and to give
you some education on this topic. And uh
I would I would think I think I would
appreciate it uh actually considering
that we are able to have such a
conversation, such a back and forth in
such a calm and good way that we could
come together and have an actual debate.
So which is what I actually offer to
you. What do you think? What do you
think about having a debate? I I I
regard debates as a beautiful thing. I
have debates on a weekly basis. I used
to go to speaker school all the time.
I've had seven formal debates. You know,
usually to be honest with you, I've now
reserved my debating for someone who is
qualified in the in the in the in the in
the subject matter. Unfortunately, you
don't meet the criteria, but I did make
an exception for you.
Haven't you taught debate me in person?
But it has to be. I don't believe that
you're the aside. I believe that we have
more to offer you than you have to offer
us. We have more.
That's true. 100%. That is true. Look,
at the end of the day, if I wanted to
fight Enanu in in UFC. Yeah. And I'm
saying you're a coward in Ghanu. You're
a coward. How is he a coward? Or Ste
Mio, I want to fight. You're the
heavyweight champion in UFC. I want to
fight. You're a coward if you don't.
He's not a coward. He's proven his
worth. He's got the
That's a completely different different
area.
You're coming to me. You're coming to
me. I'm the aside. I've got the I've got
the gold. I've got the I've got the
qualification.
I I I personally think you're terrible
at your understanding of Islam.
I've memorized the Quran. You get it?
I've done the thing.
It doesn't It doesn't matter. I know
people who have
I've done
I know people who have memorized the
Quran.
I've done what you haven't done. I have
You have to allow me. You have to allow
me. And by the way, when I say I
remember the Quran, it's still weak and
stuff and there's still a bit. So I have
to recite to the so I have to be clear
here. But still haven't said that here.
What I'm saying is I have done the
training. Do you get it? I I've been
through 10 years of extensive training.
So I when you
and again I'm offering a debate food and
you know doing your thing and enjoying
your time and whatever atheists do.
Yeah. and and watching TV and Netflix.
I've had to memorize stuff. I've had to
read books. I I was I was in a dark room
reading stuff. I've had to read.
I I can brag about about my I can brag
about my knowledge here, too.
It's not fair. It's not fair that you're
calling me the guy that has to come to
you, Grolin. You're the guy that
You're not You're not coming to me. We
are doing something modern.
Anytime. Come to London at any time.
Come. We'll pay for your ticket. No
problem.
No, we we're doing a modern debate. I
like if you want a debate a formal
debate I don't like online debates. You
get it? I'm a big character
on the stage.
Why don't you like online debates?
I don't like it, man. Because for me,
when it comes to debates, I like to
actually get involved the actions. You
get it? I like to to to body language is
a big thing right now.
Impress the audience. That is exactly
why I don't ever want to have a personal
debate with you because I want to focus
on the knowledge that is I want to focus
on the knowledge.
Engage the audience. I like to keep it.
3 hours. You know, for me, my channel,
my YouTube channel is a film channel. I
don't even know why, but you know, I
realize why. It's because I engage
people. If I speak in a monotone way and
the way we're doing it online, people
engage in a debate like the the David
Wood debate that I done that's gone 2
million views and people watch it to the
end, man. 3 hours.
This will get 1 million 1 million views.
When I'm on stage with the David Wood,
I'm engaging. This is me. I'm putting my
soul into it, my passion into it, my
body language into it. Like
if we have a debate, it will it will
have 1 million views.
If I want a debate, I have to put
everything into it. Do you get it? Like
I So what I'm saying, come down to
London. We come down to debate. I'm not
I'm never going to I'm not down from any
Islamophobe on the face of the earth,
let me tell you this. I'll make it
clear. Any Islamophobe challenges me in
any way. Any Islamophobe, and I'm not
going to retract this, it challenges me
in any way, unless I'm physically
injured or incapable. Yeah. If they
challenge me conversationally,
physically in the ring, in the in the in
on the stage,
I'm there. I get knocked out, I'm there.
If Enanu if Francis onu if Francis Enanu
tomorrow decided to be and
you have you have you have told me that
I shouldn't be trusting you. You told me
that I shouldn't trust you. Why should I
trust you? Why should I come down to you
and say
you I don't I mean I shouldn't trust
you. I I don't I look forward to death.
I actually look forward to it. If it
wasn't for my mom and my sister, my my
family and so on, I have to look forward
to death.
Did you tell me that died? You get it?
It's it's it's a way out this testing
life. I'd love to be
This doesn't make it easier.
No, I I'm looking forward to death. I
don't care about these things. I I don't
that saying that doesn't make it easier.
I don't care about death. Do you get it?
W I'm a Muslim. I'm a Muslim, brother. I
don't care either.
I I I am a Muslim. So, I I believe in a
hereafter. I believe in the day of
judgment. I believe in hellfire. I
believe in heaven. I actually believe in
those things, bro. I believe I think
it's pretty ridiculous. People are going
to live in the hellfire and crackle in
there. And I believe that there some
people that going to be in heaven and
are going to live there.
You will live an eternal life for you
will live an eternal life without any
purpose. Nothing.
You will live an eternal life doing
nothing at all. Purpose purposeless life
in eternity.
and during millions of years on earth
was completely for was completely empty
for nothing. Everything that we have
done on on the earth everything that we
have done in history everything that we
have built all the civilizations all the
knowledge will all be gone. It will be
all for nothing and all the only thing
there is that is that we will is that we
will die and go to heaven and live
without purpose forever and just have
our what evidence?
Yeah, exactly. What evidence? Look with
his evidence. I'm showing you that the
book authoritative I'm I'm telling you
that look the Quran
we should we should debate that
comes from Allah how do we prove it we
should show that look the Quran is
cosmologically coherent with the 7th
century and with the 21st century we're
saying it has no contradictions we're
saying it's preserved I'm willing to
defend these positions right now I don't
need to go nowhere or be
I would love to I would love to have a
debate with you on this
I'm saying that the Quran has no we're
not debate this is not a debate having a
conversation you're throwing things at
me. I'm saying, "Look, I'm happy for
whatever you tell me." Now, your biggest
evidence, we've seen your biggest
evidences, but cuz you have it online.
You have you said you got hundred
reasons why you're number one is cuz the
earth is flat.
I want you to stand before me and let me
speak and then answer to me.
Pardon?
The earth is flat. I said the Quran says
you're
hunt.
So, how
I want you to I want you to stand there.
I want you to stand there and listen to
me for 15 minutes to my biggest evidence
or to my three biggest pieces of
evidence. And I want you and I want you
to respond to me for 15 minutes.
You've said it online.
I I have I have not. No, I have not.
That's not true. I I haven't I haven't
said that. That's not true. My biggest
evidence.
Why Islam is not Why not to be a Muslim?
Yeah. You have a video like that.
No, I have not.
You do. You say you you count down.
You're counting down the video. No.
No. I I I don't I don't I have a video
called 10 reasons to reject Islam, for
example. But but that is but that is not
about rejecting Islamic
about science. And at the end you said
that number one is because the earth is
flat. That is uh 60 scientific mistakes.
That is specifically about the 60
scientific mistakes of the Quran. Sure.
Sure. Sure. But but we dealt with that.
No, it's No, it's not. It's not. I
didn't I didn't
It's number one.
It was It wasn't ranked. It was simply
counted. It wasn't ranked according to
No, you said the reason you said it. You
said the number one reason was
I No, I have not. I have not. I have
not.
Okay.
I was just I was just counting. I have I
have I have three main different I have
three main reasons why Islam is
definitely not true.
and I and I will demonstrate them to you
and you will not be able to to justify
your beliefs.
I've been trying for,400 years. Okay,
look the Quran says
and they have succeeded
contradictions in it. Trying
Islam is dying.
Pardon?
Islam is dying. People are people are
leaving Islam in masses.
Research there's going to be one world
is going to be Muslim at one
to 99.7% because of birth rates and the
young age of Muslims
because that's a big chunk 3% because of
conversion. That's
no 0.3%. That means 3,000 people in 100
years.
How about that? Because for
million people sorry
years 2020 to 2050 apparently there's
been 4 million converts but you know we
deal with
that according to pure research you know
from what I've seen from what I've
pure research also said that the number
of people leaving Islam and the number
of people joining Islam is the same
and no in the world and it's the same in
the world man because otherwise there
would not be a net inflow. What are you
talking about? No, according to the
according to their research in which
they explain in which they explain in
which they explain why Islam is growing,
they they're saying that uh
that that article you're talking about
No, sorry. I've written this in my book
as well. It's in in a book called
and and they and they what what they're
showing is that as many people convert
to Islam as people leave Islam. And and
the issue and the issue here is that the
vast majority of people the vast
majority of people who convert to Islam
do it publicly while the vast majority
of people who leave Islam do it
secretly.
Let me push back on that. Let me push
back on that. You see Pew Research
published a research and I think it was
in 2017 or 18 and they actually said
that the amount and by the way this is
not an argument against Islam. Yeah.
Anyways let's go with it.
Of course it's not.
Let me just let me just say let me just
come back on it. So if Pew Research said
that uh the amount of the the the amount
of conversion into Islam is the same as
the amount of conversion outside of
Islam. that was in the American context
and they had a methodology of a thousand
people that they interviewed and they
interviewed them on the telephone and
the majority of people that they
interviewed on the telephone by the way
were actually non-speakers of the
English language and we see that in
methodology if you go to methodology in
the pure research they you have to look
at the they've got a methodological um
forecast and they say that a lot of them
are actually Shia Shia came from like sh
uh Iran and then when they came when
they came to what do you call it America
they couldn't speak English and they
were already they were already refugees.
So it was a disproportionate number of
Shia that were representing that study,
Iranians that represent that study and
clearly and I I used to think that as
well. I used to mention that to the my
congregationists that look the amount of
people that are leaving the same but
when I looked at the methodology and
when I actually uh published on this
because I actually published on this and
I've seen all of the basically the
studies the demographic studies in a
book that I've written called the
scientific deceptions of the new
atheists which is actually free of
charge in the Sapiens Institute. you can
get it for free and all of those
demographics are actually flawed. What
we actually find to be honest is that
there is more people coming into Islam
in the west than there are people who
leave it and that that's pretty much a
general rule.
I'm looking at it right here. It's not
about America. It's it's gen it's
general. It's considered global. It is
from uh research 2015 uh April uh
projected growth between 2010 and 2020
uh to 2020 2015.
You're getting it wrong. Do you know
why? Because if it was again, if it was
about all of the people in the world,
yeah, sorry, if it was about all the
people in the world, then
not about America,
how could there be a net inflow? Because
they looked at 2010 to 2050 and they
said there's going to be there was 3
million excess net inflow. There was 3
million converts. But by the way, from
our experience, because we've deal we
deal with converts all the time. From
our experience, in-house studies, we
found that the majority of converts are
actually private converts. Just like
when people leave Islam, they're
privately Islam. Uh more
that is definitely not true. Most most
what's what's your evidence?
Because because we see it. We don't need
evidence for that. You don't need
evidence for something that is so
obvious out in theological point.
The vast majority of people who leave
Islam do it do it privately. They don't
do it publicly because they are scared.
I I know I know many people who who do
it uh privately, including in Muslim
countries, they have to have they have
to have it on their on their ID cards,
for example, they don't get out of it.
Whereas people who converge
because they're a part of a culture, a
dominant culture, which is let's say
Christian.
It's not true. It's not true. No, you
know how we know it's true from the
British context.
How do you know it?
Yeah, because what there was a study
that was done, it's also in my book in
the bibliography you can find that there
was um they looked at census data
because in the in England, in the UK,
you have census day every 10 years.
That's probably one of the best. It's
like the demographic gold standard. So
they looked at census data 2001, 2011,
2021, 200, we haven't done 2021 yet.
Yeah. But they looked at 2001, 2011. I
think they looked at um 91 as well.
Yeah. So this in in that period of time
they found they look at the amount of
people that identify in the census as
Muslim. And so they when they churned
the numbers together they found that
actually yeah the numbers were one thing
but when they did uh smallcale uh
sociological studies they they found
that converts were less likely to tell
their family members and therefore write
in the census data that they're Muslim.
Therefore
likely that's all we have. likely is all
we have
they are. It's usually a house the
leader of the household is writing it
down. So they'll write down oh my if
their kid has like a 16-year-old in
their family has become Muslim. They
don't know about it. They're going to
write Christian because they don't know
this guy's become Muslim. We know like
well I I I could say I could say people
who smoke are less likely to go to the
gym. That doesn't mean
it's dark area. It's a it's a dark area.
We don't exactly know the numbers
exactly.
I know. But but I you know I you know
you know I I could say people who smoke
are less likely to go to the gym. That
doesn't mean that people who smoke
generally don't go to the gym or that
the vast majority of them don't go to
the gym. It just it may it may just mean
that 2% more of people who smoke don't
go to the gym.
What we're saying is that Islam
that's not how statistics work.
No, it's this analogist because you're
talking about correlation versus
causation. We're not talking about that.
We're talking about fact that when
converts become when people become
Muslim, they're also quiet about it.
Just like when they leave Islam, they're
quiet about it.
Well, we don't have any substantial
evidence to correct.
Pardon?
We don't have any substantial evidence
for that. I have just before there is
there's good evidence from you can refer
to my book for that if you like
fine let's let's leave it let's leave it
that way as
no but before we leave it I just want to
say something okay before
um I I would like to I would like to
reiterate I would like to reiterate I
would like to reiterate reiterate the
one thing I was uh I challenged you to
you've given
I I challenge I challenged you to
discuss
a big audience of Muslim people this is
one of the biggest YouTubers Muslim
YouTubers on the net you're not going to
get an opportunity like this again
believe
your opportunity.
Believe me, Adam. You're one of the
biggest Muslim
the biggest podcast the biggest Muslim
podcast in the world. We have most most
of our viewers are Muslim and in this
podcast we
got the biggest Muslim podcast.
I would like to I would like to
reiterate what what I said before. Um I
would I think it would be
I think it would be a unique thing. I
think it would be a unique thing for an
for for the biggest uh for the biggest
ex-Muslim influencer and the biggest
Muslim apologist of our time to come
together and to actually have a debate
on the topic.
David,
is Islam the truth?
I I said ex-Muslim. He's not an
ex-Muslim. For the for the biggest uh
ex-Muslim and the biggest Muslim
apologist to come together and to have a
debate on whether Islam is the truth.
Face to face to you. Look, uh, with all
due respect,
are are you are you are you accepting
the initial offer that you accepted,
which is an online debate or not?
Well, I don't want to I don't want to
look
We have we have had a conversation.
So, you have no conversation here
talking to me, but you have a
conversation by having with having an
online debate.
No, what I'm saying to you is this.
Look, you have an opportunity. Your your
your goal in life is to try and show
people that people Islam is false. You
have an opportunity with
I will use that opportunity once you
allow me to have a debate. You even want
to post that? Listen,
this isn't going nowhere. He already is
going nowhere.
He already had his day. You You asked a
bunch of questions. Muhammad Hijab
answered a lot of your questions in in a
very great
Didn't answer anything.
You You don't even know anything about
Islam. You just said that at the
beginning of our conversation. What are
you talking about?
That makes you What do you know about
Islam?
You just You just openly said that you
don't know anything about Islam just
before we started.
Where are your credentials?
He knows more. He studied. He has the
I'd rather have someone who
I know I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying
this right I'm saying how I'm saying how
can you judge this when you clearly said
that you have no
judging no degrees look
I have no training I have no degrees you
have you have certificates
you know what I could you have you have
three you have you have
you have you have three certificates
right I could I could go and I could
of leaving Islam was a I could create I
could pay $4,000 to get a certificate in
Islamic studies and then I would be
qualified to to
years.
You got to do 10 years of study. Come
back to me.
10 years. Have you studied Have you
studied each of your four areas for 10
years?
Not all together.
No. No. Of course not. Because you have
you have studied
you have studied you have studied
you have studied some of them for just
for just six months or nine months. I
could apply for
You're not getting this.
Have you not? Have you not?
Have you not? How long have you studied
for a certificate?
Look, how long have you studied for a
certificate?
Pardon? For each one, depends on like
for the ones like I don't know the
political philosophy. Look,
how long have you studied for the
certificate? I'm talking about
certificates, not about not about not
about degrees,
like three years, two years for another
one, one year for another one, two
years. And you add
you can get a certificate in Islamic
studies for one year. I could go and pay
$4,000 and do that. Would that mean I I
am now qualified to debate Islam
Islamic seminary though like I'm ask
question I'm asking the question people
have to go through Islamic seminary like
the seminary in Islam then you can come
back and talk the point here's the thing
is look
if I paid $4,000
do you agree $4,000 and I got I gotate
in Islamic studies would I then be
qualified to debate you know you know
what it comes out comes down to let me
tell you something question answer the
question
If I paid $4,000 and got a certificate
in
you got you got to do your work.
Don't do the What are you laughing at?
What are you laughing at?
Certificates that you got in one year
because that's how certificate works.
You're not going to go to a doctor and
say, "Well, what what certificates you
have?" Oh, I've just been doing online
videos. No,
has certificates. The guy has his
qualifications. Otherwise, you're not
going to go to that doctor.
So, Muhammad,
why should we go to you for Islam? Why
qualified in four areas, including
having certificates of one year areas? I
would not be I would not be qualified in
Islamic studies by depending on
I can talk about political philosophy if
I want. I can talk about history if I
want. I could talk about comparative
religion.
You don't even understand freedom of
speech. You don't understand moral
philosophy.
Why? Because I've been through
processes. You haven't.
You have you have the poorest
understanding of moral philosophy that
I've seen in my life.
That's according to a lame man. Do you
get it? You're a lame man.
I will it doesn't matter whether I'm a
lay man or not. I will I will study
philosophy. the misunderstanding doctor
and said to him, "Look, I don't care
what you prescribe for me." Yeah. I'm
going to tell you what you should
prescribe for me. He's going to say,
"Look, man.
I would just like to ask you a very
brief question." Very brief question.
Can I ask a very brief question?
I'm not ready for this because you know
why you here's here's the reality of the
situation?
A very brief question.
You want the public or you've asked you
questions. I've allowed you to ask me
all the questions.
Do you think that because I am an Do you
think that because I'm an atheist who
doesn't believe in God? I can answer
because I'm an atheist who doesn't
believe in God. That means I have no
morals. And uh
Okay, let me question by ripping up.
You ripped up. Yeah, that's what I'm
saying.
Sorry people like you. I'm sorry for
people like you. A+ I'm genuinely sorry
because
what are you doing with your life right
now?
Adam, you have an IQ of 80 85.
One,
you're a loser. One is not how IQ works.
So that claim you do not care if he's an
athlete.
He's he's a creative. No.
Hey, I am deeply sorry. If you insult
me, I will insult you back. That's what
just
Adam has an athlete.
I'm asking you a question. I don't care.
I I have no muscles here. I have no
muscles. I don't care. That means
nothing.
Relax. What you're saying your child
means nothing
question. I'm asking you a simple
question. Because I do not believe in
God and because I am an atheist, do you
as somebody who claims to be an expert
in philosophy, do you think it is right
to claim that I can have no morals and
that it is therefore for me completely
indifferent.
You laugh at someone eating the Quran.
You
answer your question.
Go ahead. Ask answer the question. As
far as
you have no morals, you have no morals.
No, no. Let me answer his question. Let
me answer his question.
I'm not saying that atheists cannot have
morals. I would
atheist what
you said that to me.
He just said no. He just said he doesn't
believe that.
No, hold on. Let me tell you my answer.
Can I answer?
Go ahead. Answer.
Sorry. Come on.
So I'm not saying that atheists that's
never been what I said. I've never said
I'm very careful my articulations.
I never say that atheists can never
cannot have morals. What I will say is
that an atheist cannot have a claim to
objective morality which is different.
So I'm saying this on an atheistic world
view, yeah, you can't tell me anything
morally. You can't tell me you should do
this and you shouldn't do this. Why?
Because on atheism you have no mechanism
which anchors morality.
Expert.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm Yeah. I've done I've
done the work. You haven't. That's the
difference. There's even even people
like John Stewart Mill, you talk about
liberalism. Yeah. They candidly tell you
there is no proof that can tell you
objectively in the book of on
utilitarianism that there's no proof to
show that this is objective morality. So
what I'll say is that you can never make
you can your major arguments a lot of
your major arguments yourself and many
of the people like you against Islam is
how is this and this is immoral this and
that. What I'm saying to you is that
morally speaking yeah as an atheist you
have no anchorage. Meaning you cannot
claim anything is objective. Otherwise,
I'll say to you, look, give me your
mechanism because you're on the record
of saying that beastiality is okay.
You're on the record of saying that
I have never said that. I have I have I
have never said that is okay. I've never
even talked about yourself.
Incest is okay. You said incest is okay.
No, I have never said that either.
You said that.
You think incest is okay?
I have I have never said that.
DM Alidawa DM you said what you wrote.
We'll see if that.
Hey man,
I've said to I've said to Ali Dawa, he
asked me, "Do you think it's okay for a
for a father and a son to have sex?" I
said, "If there was no harm to society
and the individual,
shut up." I said, "If there was no
and to the individuals in having incest,
then there would be no problem with it."
But
that is not reality because that is not
but that is not reality because
such a intercourse will have uh harm on
the individuals and the society which is
why incest is not okay.
Can you clearly said
objectively prove the h principle?
We can we could go lengthy into the
discussion on that
right now. You said something you made I
will not discuss
as you prove discuss it. I'm correcting
I'm correcting the plan prove the h
principle. No, I will not.
You cannot. That's the answer that you
cannot.
I can and I will.
No, you can't milk it within this week
or next week. Let's
not pretend to be. I do not believe that
there is in intrinsive uh objective
morality. I don't believe
you don't believe in morality.
I don't believe that that there is
inherent objective morality.
Makes sense.
Objective morality.
Do you understand philosophy at all?
There is there is a there is morality.
There is morality. There is morality on
a descriptive level and on on a on a on
a level in which you prescribe it to
society. I do not believe that
intrinsically there is objective
morality in the world. I do not sorry I
don't understand that. Sorry.
I do not believe that uh a human who is
who is born into the world.
Yeah.
Has has an objective has objective moral
values. I do not believe that.
No, that doesn't make sense. What you're
saying doesn't
flaw. Your articulation is flawed. Your
articulation is flawed.
No. Do you know why? Because what you're
saying is I do not believe when a human
being has morality is not possessive in
that sense. You're you're you're all
over the place. You either believe I'm
saying either believe in objective
morality or you don't. You either
subjectivist or subjectivist. Which one
of the two are you?
Are you subjectivist or objectivist?
Fine. I I do not I do not agree. Let me
say it in different words for you
because you don't understand basic.
No, because you don't understand English
as a first basic English.
Try it. I'll try it. You didn't make
sense in your articulation. Now you're
trying to make me look like the person.
No, your articulation. So now say in a
proper way
for a brute like you, I would like to
say uh there is a difference between
saying a society has intrinsic morality
and the difference between saying a
society should have morality or a
society should have morals. Society has
do morals exist reality or not?
Yes or
that is not how this works. That is not
how this works.
Yeah. Really? So there's something
that's called moral realism. What's more
are subjectively real or not? Are they
real or not? Are they are more personal
values, subjective moral relative moral
values and are they objective or
subjective?
What
in your view?
What? Say it again. I didn't listen to
you.
Okay. My my question to you is so simple
like my question to you is morality is
it objective or not? Are there such a
thing as objective moral?
No, I don't think so.
So, okay. Good. So, so, so then there
all of your moral arguments have have
collapsed against Islam.
Scientific ones, you've collapsed all
your moral ones.
No, they have not.
Yeah. Because anything that you say
about Islam now that you say about Islam
now morally doesn't make sense.
Morality works.
Morality.
That's not how morality works. You do
not morality works. Believe it's
objective. It's not true. It's not
objective.
A nihilist, for example, can be a
nihilist in uh in so far that he does
not believe that there are natural moral
values. Nihilism is not synonymous with
objectivity.
Right.
[__] you talking about? A nihilist may
believe that there are no
Yeah, I'm not subject. It's not
synonymous. Nihilism is something which
is
of course it's not
you're saying you're a subjectivist. If
you're a subjectivist,
I am not.
You said you're not an objectivist. You
must be a subjectivist. What are you
then?
No. Stop pretending you Stop wait.
Wait. Did you just say if I'm not an
objectivist then I must be a
subjectivist. Is that
you have to be if you're not if you
don't believe in objective morality.
What are you laughing at, man?
So if I if I don't believe in objective
morality, then I have to believe in
subjective morality.
Yeah. Because either objective or
subjective. You've got two choices.
What's the third option? Go on.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, you're not even on A levels, bro. I
swear to God,
you're not even a C-grade A level.
You're not even a CG. If I was to mark
your work, bro, you're not CG that I've
encountered in my life. You are not on
bro at year 10 year 11 in ethics can get
a better understanding of you. I say a
16y old a sharp 16y old will see that
you don't know what you're talking
about.
Yeah.
Now what is the other option? You've got
objective morality subjective morality.
What's the third one?
2,000 years of of moral philosy
subjective morality. What's the other
one?
Do you do you think do you think there
is no other option beside objective?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm saying there's only it's
either objective or subjective is what's
the third one
you so you think there is only objective
oh my god
what's the third one
to say
what are you laughing at that's not an
answer bro
I I will make a video response to you
because I think this will be
you don't need to make a video response
if it's not objective it has to be
subjective
no it's not
you're going to get laughed at you know
cosmic skeptics them guys they're going
to laugh at you bro they're going to
associate with this idiot with all due
respect you have not level understanding
of morality
I have just asked or not. It's either
objective or not.
If it's not objective, it has to be
subjective. There's no other option.
What can it be? There's no crossover.
There's no middle ground. It's either
objective or not. You that's the that's
why why you got it all wrong. That's why
your criticisms against Islam are flawed
because you don't even have a basic
understanding of moral philos you don't.
And you can't pretend you have to the
Muslim viewers who don't understand
philosophy very well.
Bro, you don't know it. You have no
You don't know I'm saying I'm saying to
all those viewers who don't understand
philosophy very well, I would like to
say uh so what Muhammad hijab said about
objective morality is for example
completely wrong which is uh
go on give me the third option
if if if I don't if I don't believe in
objective morality for example if I
doesn't believe in objective morality
that doesn't mean that I cannot have
objective moral values it can mean that
my either believe in objective morality
or you believe in subjective morality
there's no third option what's the third
option
you no you have just clearly said as of
when when I asked you third option what
is the third option stop laughing Stop
pretending. When I just when I just
Thank you. When I just asked you about
whether an atheist can have objective
morality, you said that
Oh my god. We know he said that. What's
the third What's the third
option?
Atheist had hope in this guy. The great
objective morals
objective. There's no third option.
The atheist may have objective moral
morals that are
What's the third option?
of objective morals that are not based
on the belief in God, for example, which
is
that's a different discussion. You
either believe in objective morality or
subjective morality. You're saying
there's a third option. What is the
third option?
Say it to you. I will surprise you.
The third option you will not
Let's leave it by it. I ask you the
question. Look, I I was the one I was
the one I was the one respect.
Look, was I was I not the one to teach?
Was I not the one who asked you the
question? Allow it.
question whether there are only three
proof?
Submit to the knowledge. Allow it. What
I'm saying was I not the one who asked
you whether there are only two.
I was the one I was the one who asked
you
or subjective. What you got the third?
We're done. We're done. I asked you this
question because I want to
option. If it's not objective, it has to
be subjective.
I want to respond to you because I know
how you
Why don't you Why don't you answer the
You're not answer. He answer all your
questions. Answer his question.
Online head. That's the reason why.
No. for the same reason that you're not
going to have a have a debate with me
online because you're scared.
Look, you know what? You know, I don't
think he's even going anywhere. I know.
You haven't shown your abilities to be
honest.
I I'm playing by my standards. You're
playing by your standards.
Whatever, man. I will I will take my
discussions to my platform and respond
to people.
You really have nothing to say, do you?
You really have nothing to say. Cuz
here's the thing. We talked about the
science and we realized
I challenge you to a debate on whether
Islam is the
and you have been scared of no one
which you've said you said you don't
believe in objective morality if you
don't believe in objective morality
which means this means do you know what
the implication is the implication is
this the implication is any argument you
get make against Islam which is moral if
you're asking about uh age of consent or
apostasy or penal laws or anything you
want to ask From this day onwards, you
have no right. That is ridiculous. That
is ridiculous.
That's why you can't morality. It could
be that
you prove your morality.
I could, for example, argue that that
morality is completely based on on
utilitarianism. For example,
Bentham, Jeremy Bentham, who is the
who's the founding father of
utilitarianism, they these individuals
never said that it was objective.
Well, it it doesn't depend on
individuals. This is not how it works.
is an idealism
is an idea. It doesn't mean that it has
to abide by the ide who made the idea of
util who is who is the philosophical
founding father of utilitarianism.
That's not how this works. Philosophy
doesn't work in a way if
who who put forward utilitarianism.
Let me educate you. Uh
you can't because I'm telling you who is
the founding father of utilitarianism.
You can't even answer that.
Is there another
Have you read books? One one more
question. Is this
honestly? Have you read it?
Who is Jeremy Ben?
Is this another assertion that you're
making?
If you abide by a certain moral, you
have to agree with the with one person.
Jeremy Bentham, who is he?
Is it what? Is what you're saying that
if is what you're saying that if you
abide by a moral philosophy, you have to
agree with what one certain person who
founded the philosophy or who has
influenced it.
I've not that. All I'm saying is this
that
the definitionism
what's the definition of utilitarianism?
I can have a utilitarian point of view
while not abiding by certain
I'm asking you a basic question man
what's there's no question
you're not asking a question
what's the definition of utilitarianism
for
the greatest the greatest number
it depends for example if if a society
decides that if a decides on
pretend decides that some I'm answering
your goddamn question if a decides that
something is good that something is
better for for society to which they
come as a result of the common consensus
or due to a new finding ings then it
means that this will be a law that
society has agreed on and this is
utilitarianism.
No, it's not that's not that's not a
definition of utilitarianism.
Utilitarianism is not defined like that
by any moral or political philosopher by
the way just and I've written essays on
utilitarianism. I've written by the way
I've got some something written on
utilitarianism as well. It's called
liberalism and you can find that on for
free. Muhammad Hij put it on Google
liberalism and you can find it for free.
I've written about the stuff you claim
to talk about. I've written about it
bro. I've I've
What will you need to pick now? What
will you correct?
Something
to arrogate to me. You're not a
professor. You're not my senior. You're
my
at this point. At this point, I feel
like a [__] you should just go and uh
read Muhammad Hijab's books because you
seem like you're very lost. You're very
misunderstood with Islam. So, I
recommend you to go.
One thing, one thing on this.
Yeah. Okay. Let's let's get back. Let's
get back.
Please, please, please just allow me
just for a second. Yeah. You just give
me a Give me a second. Let me just
educate. Let me educate you. Let me
share my knowledge with you in it.
What's wrong? You educate me from your
little no knowledge from your Google
search. Let me educate you knowledge.
Let me tell youarianism.
Yeah.
The greatest number. The greatest for
the greatest amount of people. Now,
so isn't that isn't that what I just
said?
Just allow me.
Isn't that what I just said?
Isn't that what I just described?
Hold on for a second. Hold on. You
didn't you used democratic logic. It's
different. What I'm saying
what you learn from his book said what?
what Jeremy B in his book he said he
said this very it's interesting because
there's a Quranic argument against this
really interesting he said you got two
lords you got the lord of pain and you
got the lord of pleasure what the Quran
says
have you seen the one who has taken his
own desires as a god so it's interesting
the Quran has actually addressed
utalitarianism in a in a in an
interesting kind of way now the thing is
what John Stewart Mill said is that say
if you have a gang rap gang rape
scenario yeah this is a common analogy
that's put forward you got a gang rape
scenario so you got one woman and then
you've got five men and they're all
having their goes with her and she's not
wanting it. She's she's getting raped.
Yeah, she's got finished. Now, in this
situation, is this good? Now, obviously,
according to utalitarianism, in a strict
sense, it's allowed because obviously
there's no harm principle in place. So,
John Stewart Mill said, "Look, in order
to allow society to function, we have to
put a harm principle in place." So,
that's how utilitarianism kind of was
absorbed into social liberalism. Yeah.
Now, with social liberalism, here's my
point.
uh John Stewart Mill who really was a
utilitarian at heart and by the way his
father James Mill was Jeremy Benfam's
friend they were they were buddies yeah
that like this guy who wrote about
utilitarianism his father James Mill
were friends now he wrote a book now in
that book he said in on utilitarianism
is the name of the book in chapter 4
yeah he he talked about proving
utilitarianism now he didn't mention he
didn't name it like that he named it a
long thing as cosmic skeptical debate
but anyway he took like a long um title
but it's candid in there He talks about
desiraability. Yeah. He doesn't in any
way, shape or form try and say that
utilitarianism is in any way an
objective morality. This is the problem.
You're what I'm saying is you're saying
you can have objective morality through
utilitarianism. But Jeremy Bentham and
John Stewart Mill who were the philosoph
philosophical founding fathers, they
candidly said you can't really have that
kind of thing. It's more to do with it's
it's not meant to be an objective
morality in that sense. So in other
words, if you're if you're pegging your
moral value judgments on utilitarianism,
you can't go and attack the Quran
because you know why? You don't have an
anchorage. You don't have an objective
morality.
I have just
says this and that you can't say based
on utilitarianism because even according
to those guys and all the way through to
today's scholarship, I'm telling you,
I've read the journals, bro. I have read
the journals.
I just described you described the same
thing by telling me it was wrong.
I've read the journals. I've read the
books. I've done the research. I've done
the degrees. Please don't don't put
don't arrogate to me. Yeah. Dear dear
Muslims, dear Muslims, please listen to
this honestly.
It's not an argument that utilitarian
liberal ethical scholars say that
actually utilitarianism is an objective
morality. It's not. They know if you
would actually release the whole the
whole talk about therefore if you want
to make a moral argument against Islam
and say, "Well, Islam is against this
and therefore Islam is wrong." It's a
false argument. If you're basing on
utilitarian, if that's your seedbed, if
that's your intellectual and
epistemological seedbed, it's not going
to work. So what I'm saying is that now
you don't you don't have to have you
don't have to have a specific morality
and since morality has crumbled what
have you got left
exactly exactly he laughing
so so so by by disagreeing with me you
have destroyed me
that's how it works
my question is what you got left you got
left
by disagreeing with me you have
destroyed me is that how it works
it's not look I'm not here to destroy
you you're not worthy of me you have
number one agreed with you have number
one agreed with My definition
more than you have destroyed.
At at this point, you just sound you
just sound really childish and you sound
like you have an IQ of 39.
viewers. If you want to make Islam win,
you just have to respond to people and
share your opinion. Because if you share
your opinion, that means
you have to
slim, bro. I thought this guy had packed
a punch. I thought he had packed a punch
a little bit because he was coming rough
on Twitter. He was coming tough on
Twitter. He
Oh, he was going to I thought
this guy was eating the Quran.
Literally. Literally. basic
understanding of Islam is
you're a fraud.
You have been a puss
defend your religion.
You've tried remove
it was good having you. Thank you for I
think at this point you're not up to
Muhammad Hijab's level.
You got nothing.
You're not. You have nothing. You're
finished.
No. But the atheist
and you're finished.
You're alive. And you're finished.
Knowledge.
And you're finished. And you're
finished. And you're finished. May May
you go read the books of Muhammad Hijab
and And you know, seek guidance.
Why care if I blessings?
Anyway, who cares about your wife? Would
you She's She's peace and blessings.
You care about your wife, right? If
people want to rape your wife, would you
care about
peace and blessings? Peace and
blessings.
Should I remove now?
I'm out of here. He's out. He's done.
We're done with this guy.
Muhammad Hijab. Honestly, I'm uh so much
so much respect to you for your for your
patience. So much respect for your for
like you you going through with with
these like with these ex-Muslim haters
cuz some of them have I feel like
they're just against you. They're not
against go to the zoomsum. I feel like
they're against you, not against like
they're just trying to use you as oh
look look but they have no way out. You
know when they talk about
Look, I'll be honest with you, Adam.
Like you know this guy is meant to be
one of their main guys online. Yeah.
With his with his social media and this
they're backing him. This was look you I
present the best he could present. So he
started talking about science. Okay.
When he when he talked about science we
realized that he you know he realized
whoa this guy's got answers from the
early generations. So he's trying to say
cuz you know it's true. He has a video
saying that the top whatever reasons why
Islam is false. And then he mentions the
shape of the earth. So I thought okay
let's look and see if he's speaking the
truth. We realize that actually early
scholars of Islam were saying the earth
was round based on the Quran. So that's
that's nothing. That's not even an
argument. And then we talked about
morality and that's where he really
struggled because he doesn't know
philosophy. He doesn't know these things
and he hasn't been trained in them and
that's why he shouldn't get like I would
like for for example I mentioned in ganu
but I wouldn't want to get into the ring
with cuz you know I know it's going to
cost me it's going to cost me my life
maybe or you get me but why would you go
into why would you come into an
intellectual arena with someone who's
clearly done more work than you have.
Yeah. and study
100%
and also that you you're coming as a
teacher. You're not a teacher. You know,
you're a person who's ripped up the
Quran, you you're you're you're acting
arrogantly, but when you're actually put
into an intellectual arena, you suffer
miserable losses. This is a horrible
loss. Like, what actual point has he
made today that's made any Muslim think
Islam is false?
Nothing. Nothing. I don't I feel like
that he was trying to take advantage of
me and Slim because he knows that we're
we're not you know that knowledgeable
not knowledgeable about Islam and don't
know you know as you mashallah you know
you proved he just felt stupid to me he
just seems so childish and he's using us
as having a low IQ he's trying to take
advantage of our platform so I'm so
thankful and grateful for being here
Muhammed Hijab at the end of the day
yeah he's saying you have low IQ who is
he to say that to you bro
you guys both of you have shown your
creative potential. Yeah. You you have
done many things for the community.
You've raised money. You've done how
he's got look him and the rest of the
apostate friends that he's got and the
Islamophobes. I want to know where
really they've raised money. Where have
they done good for the community like
you have?
No. I don't think they've ever
their platforms. They got big platforms.
They're taking money, but they're not
giving back to the communities. They
have not they have not done fundraisers.
And that shows you like to be honest
with you on a practical level.
Yeah.
These people are actually just all talk.
And you know this is the reason why
people like that never want to come face
to face. Yeah. They never want to come
face to face with those who can actually
disprove them. They they'd prefer to
pray on people who haven't done the
studies. And that's that's a coward's
way, you know.
I noticed that guy called David Wood.
It's on two million views. Yeah.
I've seen that. I've seen that one. I
seen it. He even made like a video other
day just he just they're just haters. I
feel like they're just haters of Islam
and they're all they do is mention them
being, you know, any way they could if
they could take anything you guys say
and just flip it.
Rude. Yeah. The guy the guy when I saw
him, he was petrified.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I mean, I'd be I'd be petrified if I see
someone who's 6' 7. No, he's a big man
himself. But I looked at him. It's on
video. It's on YouTube.
He came.
Yeah, I saw that. You rejected him. You
rejected him.
You were in an area that was dark by
yourself. Yeah.
And I looked at him. Yeah. And I I saw
him. Do you know? I said, "You know
what? I'm not going to do nothing to
you. I'm not going to put your like this
guy was complaining about his safety
being in danger." And this is their
narrative. The Muslims, these other
Muslims that want to attack you and kill
you and stuff. No one's asking for your
death, man. Stop pretending to be a
victim so you can
You know this this guy here? Yeah. He's
sponging off his his followers on
Patreon. Yeah.
I've got a Patreon. You have a Patreon.
It's no problem. have a Patreon. I I
don't I've never asked anyone to go my
Patreon. Yeah.
Yeah. Now, we're going to make a Patreon
soon, but definitely we heard about
Patreon.
Patreon. Yeah. But I'm saying that at
the end of the day, this guy is taken
from these people, but on when it comes
to actually performances, look at his
performance, bro.
Yeah. Or nothing at all. It's like
someone who's hyping it up, about to go
to a boxing match, and once they go in
there, they just boop just get knocked
out. That's That's how I've seen it. But
you're right. He's not He's not at your
level. He's not at your level. And he
makes it seem like
he's this teacher and this on Twitter,
he's talking, "Oh, listen. know a lot
and you know and then you go in I got to
I I rate you Muhammad for for dealing
with people like this all the time like
seriously.
No but like you know with these kinds of
people I'm like you know if it was just
me and you I was I was I'm I'm really
like when I have a conversation with you
guys on the level you know and show you.
Yeah of course of course of course but
but I learned a lot from you even
throughout this talk I learned a lot
more and I'm pretty sure to everyone
that's watching they learned a lot and
I'm so so glad that Alidawa told me
because I was about to get manipulated
by him. He's making it seem like trying
to trick me like, "Oh, you seem very
nice. You seem very nice." Blah, blah.
And then I'm glad it went this way. You
know, it went this way where he we had
him and he was trying to like take
advantage and it came unexpected. Just
came out of nowhere.
His face, man. His face when he saw your
you saw you join was was priceless.
Honestly, it was so He's like, "No,
Muhammad Hijab, no."
No, no. In the beginning, he said,
"Yeah." He said, "I would love to speak
to Muhammad Hijab." He made it seem you
couldn't hear him, but he was like, "I
love to speak." I Okay. And then you
started talking and then he just
I want to hear that bit, man.
Yeah. No, you you you definitely seen
it. You definitely see it.
He was going crazy.
Trust me, it's going to be a very uh
it's very like um what do you call a
popular episode of social
Oh, very very interesting interesting
episode. He got finished literally
finished lost gone gone. But um uh
Muhammad Hijab, I want you to tell us
more about like more about yourself.
When when did you start, you know, now
honestly, like seriously, I've have some
members like what when did you start,
you know, getting into this and and
going all over, you know, online and
these
giving giving debates and stuff.
I'll be honest with you, like I've
always when I was in school and stuff
like that, like when I was 15, 16, 17, I
started to become a bit religious. Yeah.
And I had friends of mine and stuff like
that that I I wanted to share Islam with
them. So I was it's always been in it's
always been in my my vein my blood to to
try and share Islam with them because I
come to the conclusion that we actually
have evidences for Islam. I was trying
to present that to him. Yeah. The
evidences to Islam from from God's
existence all the way through to the
prophethhood of prophet Muhammad
sallallahu alaihi wasallam. Yeah we have
evidence. We're not coming with oh just
believe in blind faith. We're not coming
with this kind of rhetoric. We're saying
we have evidence for everything we want
to say from the existence of God all the
way through to Prophet Muhammad
wasallam. So we say look in terms of the
existence of God to run you through this
we say you can either come from nothing
or that the universe created itself or
that there must have been some kind of
creator and we say logically speaking it
makes more sense that there was a cause
to the universe and that cause was the
intelligent cause the one who created
the universe with with all this kind of
like fine-tuned qualities. Yeah. If the
earth was just a little bit to the left
or to the right it would be too hot or
too cold. We would not live. the the
properties of the universe are finely
tuned for human existence. Then when you
look at the prophet Muhammad himself and
when he came with with the evidence and
that you know the fact that he himself
had the Quran and the Quran like I said
is preserved. We have the evidence to
show that it's preserved. There's no
contradictions in the book. We have the
evidence and we're willing to argue with
anybody on this that this book has no
contradictions and it because something
with is a contradiction is not true. So
this book is is is is free from
contradictions. Number two. Number
three, we look at the fact that the
Quran talks about the future events and
I spoke about some of those.
Yes.
And subhan Allah, it's amazing how
accurate the prophet, you know, there's
the hadith, I'll just give you one
taster or example. I gave some already,
but I'll give one more.
You know, there's a beautiful hadith. I
was thinking about it the other day that
was talking about in the future there's
going to come a time that there's the
people are going to be reclining in
leather seats on something called now
surge kind of uh similar to the word sur
which is means sun but this this words
here means uh basically like a boat but
what but here the prophetam is talking
about something is going to be gliding
on the earth he said that there's going
to come a time where people are
literally driving in these vehicles and
they're going to be reclining on leather
seats, you know, and obviously he is
cars. Subhan Allah. And this is a hadith
which is real. So we have the prophet of
Islam, 1400 years ago telling us about
cars and telling us about
the fact there going to be long tall
buildings and telling us about all these
things that are going to happen in the
future, historical events that are
taking place. Wall there's no religion
on the face of the earth. Wall there's
no religion on the face of the entire
earth that is so accurate and that is
free from contradictions and which has a
perfect understanding of God which is
that he is one god worthy of worship.
There can't be two gods cuz if there was
two gods they would outstrip one another
for power. So we have all the evidences
the logical evidences the historical
evidences um the scriptural evidences we
have all the evidences. when I realized
that and I wanted to share it with my
friends in my school, you know, I shared
my, you know, and I started doing that
and then one day I went to speaker's
corner and you know speaker's corner is
like
20 minutes away from my house. I just I
used to go there and then re Subhan
Allah, it just it kind of happened
naturally where we used to go there and
stuff but before that I was deeply
interested. So I wanted to learn the
Arabic language. I wanted to do these
things. I wanted to memorize the Quran.
Do you get it? I wanted to go through
Islamic seminary. I wanted to learn
philosophy. I wanted to learn history. I
wanted to learn theology. I want to
learn these things so I can engage with
people, man. Like I want to do it on a
level where I don't want to be talked
down by an Islamophobe. I don't want
anybody.
I don't want that. So if someone's
coming to me and say, "Look, I'm going
to talk down at you like this guy tried
to do." I'm going to say, "No, sorry.
I've done the training, bro." You know,
I can come to you and say, "You haven't
done what I've done." And I feel like
that's a community thing that I'm I'm a
servant for the community. As a as a
Muslim, I want to be a for the Muslim
community. So I'm sharing this knowledge
just for me like 10 10 years worth of
view uh what do you call it 10 years of
work because I feel like I want the
Muslim community to benefit the most
from the most cuttingedge arguments that
we have to offer. Yeah. And we work as a
team. So we have brothers like Zan you
know Zean
creative expert you know he's like
amazing when it comes to technology and
and this and he knows the arguments as
well. You have people like Sabur Ahmed
who's an expert in evolution. You have
Ali Dawa who's great with the youth and
he's looking into these things and he
knows how to he's he's a creative expert
himself man. He's he's very clever to
make Dawa appealing to young people is
not easy.
We have% Yeah. Yeah man. And we have
people like Hamza who've written 100 you
know 100,000 page books like divine
reality who like we put our life into
this because we love Islam. We love the
prophetam you know we love uh we want to
do as much as we can for the community
you get it and that's that's really
where we are and I and I really with you
guys the moment I saw you guys and to be
honest with you I saw like the drama
between you and Da man and Ali Dawa and
all that kind of I wasn't involved
yeah I thought to myself you know what
that's not the approach I want to take
with these guys cuz I saw something else
I saw like these guys are there a few
videos that you had and I thought oh
these guys are pro- Islam said guys I I
know these guys approach Islam. I don't
care what they do. I don't care what
they do. I don't care who I'm not saying
what you do.
I don't care what you do. I I knew it. I
can see from the from the passion that
you guys had that these guys were pro
Islam. And I made dua and I know D man
said that cuz I saw that beautiful
thing.
Yeah. Yeah.
I made dua for you. I said, "May Allah
Allah has said this maybe about three or
four years ago when I first came across
your video. I said, "May Allah make them
be the people who spread Islam and at
least make the community." Yeah. the
Muslim community, give them something
back. Whether it's charity, whether it's
basic education, whether it's helping
them out, whether it's tackling
Islamophobia or a combination of these
things,
or whether it's humanizing Muslims, bro,
you guys do a good job in humanizing
Muslims. You get it? You guys do people
think Muslims are some Look at this guy
was trying.
He was trying to some killers, bro. We
are not
He's trying to Yeah. He's trying to get
a headline. And he's trying to get a
headline like saying something and he's
like, "Oh, oh, Adam saw that and Rahman
Hijab approved of killing a prostitute
in that's what he's looking for." He
asked that same question for like 25
minutes. I'm like, "Is this your point?"
Look, rope a dope. I'm happy to take cuz
the thing is we have the answers, bro.
I'm And we're not of course this is my
answer. I lie. I' I'd say this to a
Muslim. I'd say this cuz I'm the kind of
guy, you know, I've been in trouble for
saying things that are wild. I I don't
care like what I'm protected under law.
this, you know, I've been I've been
fired from places like I say things and
do things that I don't care le and to be
honest if if it's truth is truth. But
having said that, this is the truth I
came with. I'm not trying to distort the
religion. I'm not trying to bend the
rules. I'm I'm I'm working within the
thing. So what I'm saying is at the end
of the day, like I think with you two
wall, you guys wall, you make me smile.
You you guys have incredible potential,
more so than all of the da guys
combined. Yeah. I'm telling you, you
appreciate it. No, no, no. You know why?
Because you have access to a different
kind of market. You are mainstream. We
we are getting there, but we're not in
the level that you but you've humanized
the Muslims. Like one of the things is
that people that they otherize us. They
think that we're li they literally you
know that that image of the guy that's
cutting the neck of and you know they
want to to make it a caricature like a
ugly image of this Muslim who wants to
kill you and take over your land.
Yes. Yes. I I noticed that they try to
make you when in reality mah you're a
wellrespected smart man you know and
they're just trying to look trying to
bring you down but
it's not just it's about the entire
community they want the entire community
yeah to be looked like that so that so
that we we can be deported or so that
they can go into our countries and
invade them and you see what's happening
with Yemen now
you know what's happening with Yemen and
how many people are talking about it how
many people you guys are I'm guilty I
actually feel ashamed of myself cuz I
spoke I went to Rohingya uh Sorry. I
went to um Cox's Bazaar on the border
with the Rohingya. I went to Africa.
I've done campaigns, but I haven't done
too much about Yemen and I'm, you know,
there's still time. There's still time.
There's still definitely time.
I actually feel sometimes why haven't I
spoken about Yemen that much and you
guys have done a beautiful job of that,
you know, raising money and these
things. And bro, this is not these are
things that really, bro, you're saving
lives. It's a big big big
honestly. We we we look up to you. We
look up to you, Ali Dawa, Smile to
Jenna, um Dawa, man. All you guys, we
look up to you guys. so much and thank
you guys for having our back when people
like this who who were try try to
tarnish you know you know Islam and
trying to make it seem like because if
it wasn't for you guys you know giving
the knowledge and even you know teaching
us too and teaching everyone who's
watching and listening then we wouldn't
know you know at the end of the day we
know that Islam is the truth and this
guy was just a phony he was just
literally a phony it seemed like he was
just
going on and trying to take advantage
and you're right
and give people doubts of Islam but
I we appreciate well honestly we want to
learn more and definitely and definitely
speak a lot more. We need to do another
episode with you, like a full on episode
with you, you know, cuz this guy was
so much better talking with you than
that. That guy was just
Anytime, brothers, anytime you guys need
me, I'm there, bro. I'm telling you cuz
you guys, like I said to you before,
I look up to you guys. I You know what?
And
you told you you're tall, man.
You look down.
We look up to you, man. We look up to
you.
Feeling like the Daer community that
we're a lot of the brothers are
judgmental. A lot of the brothers I feel
like, oh, we're doing the right and
we're waiting to so you can go kiss a
girl or, you know, do something haram so
we can make a reputation video. To be
honest with you, here's what I want to
say to you. Yeah.
Us making a mistake is 10 times more
problematic than you making a mistake.
Cuz what us as the daer guys, so
we're meant to be representing Islam on
an intellectual level. You guys are not.
You got So we if we are trying to get
fame Yeah. through uh religious goods
that we're selling. Let's say for the
sake of argument, we are 10 times worse
than you because we're doing we're doing
what you call we're using the religion
to try and become famous. You guys are
clear that you're not you're not even
using the religion. You're just having
fun. So if you guys are doing haram yeah
haram is haram. We're not going to say
it's halal but
we're using the religion in a sense
that's an added that's an added problem
bro.
So you guys need to tell us like you
know check us of our intentions. this
whole thing of uh we we're here to check
you guys. No, no, no. It's not.
No, no, no. This this that's that's way
that's in the past. That's in the past.
We're grown. And honestly,
I I feel like
we come to you guys now. We come to you
guys now to ask you guys honestly. You
can ask even Alid and D. I messaged
them. Message you too like what you
know, what should I respond to these
people who try to make Islam look bad
and they try to bring us down. We bring
we bring you guys. And as Slim said, you
know, this this made us all unite. You
know, people like this made us all unite
because I remember I did something
messed up and I wanted to stop, you
know. having this like this haram thing
that I was doing. I wanted to stop it
and Ali Daw and Da man they they just
they just helped me you know and I felt
like it's was a sign from God and a sign
from Allah too to have you right now and
it's making all of us you know just just
getting better every day closer to Allah
every day getting closer to Allah every
day.
I also saw that I saw a video of yours
that I really like is it was a video
you're responding to Logan Paul about
God. He was talking about God. I love
that video so much and uh inshallah I
really hope you do get on his podcast
but you know he follows me on Twitter so
maybe I could you know I think I'm ready
for I got you I got you
here I don't I don't think Logan Paul's
ripping up Qurans and I don't think it's
No he's more open to he open but I think
you'll be you'll be a great candidate to
like really represent Islam and speak
you're very educated
podcast bro and talk to him I'd travel
for that because to be honest with you
the community requires like I said
representation And um I'm really really
like I'm glad that he's he's paid
attention because he actually mentioned
in one of his um I think thing he said
there's a Muslim guy and I think he was
talking about
I think he was talking about you. I
think he's talking about you.
He's big words in it. So that's I think
he might have been talking about me. So
if if it is me then I'm happy to travel
whenever the co allows or if he if he
wants me to do it on podcast like this
on Skype or Zoom then that's easy to
arrange you know.
So I if anyone listening and watching
make you guys go tag Logan Paul and tag
Muhammad Hijab. let him know. You know,
I feel like Logan Paul would definitely
listen and be
be more civilized than than that uh
child than that child, Apus. So, I would
love to see you guys you guys together
and talking. I feel like Logan Paul,
even though, you know, with the whole
boxing stuff going on, I feel like he's
also really smart.
Yeah.
And you two also really smart.
You know, the biggest the biggest
mistake Logan Paul made is that he made
it a boxing match with him and um what's
his name? KSI.
I saw this guy actually doing a
grappling match with Costa from he
the UFC.
Yeah, UFC guy.
He's fighting. He's fighting next month.
Yeah.
Oh, Costa.
Wow. Okay. Yeah. He was wrestling. Oh,
you saw Logan Paul wrestle Costa
wrestling
clip of him like grappling like
wrestling with uh Costa. was
this guy was given Costa R for his money
and I'm thinking if you did an MMA match
and if you learned how to put your your
punching and your bloody thing together
you probably would have destroyed KSI.
Wow. Wow.
MMA would have been
I think that's what he wanted first. I
think that's what he wanted MMA first.
Yeah. I'm trying I'm trying to bring him
up a little bit so he can put me on the
podcast. You know what I'm saying?
No. I think I think he definitely has a
lot of potential and he he's never had
an episode where you know he had someone
who's you talk someone like you. He's
never had anyone like you on his
podcast. So, I think that would be
really really amazing.
I think it would be interesting too, you
know, like just to see like, you know,
someone who someone of the western
world, you know, talk with hijab, you
know, when I want to talk about Islam
stuff. So, I think it be very
interesting and it'll be good to
uh reach out to a broader audience
besides just Muslims, you know, to
people who are just trying to find their
faith.
So, since he follows some on Twitter,
after this, we're going to we're going
to DM him.
I'll DM him. I got you. I got you.
See, we see what's reply. He replied to
me a couple times, but inshallah, you
know, I got you.
Beautiful, bro. If you if you guys need
anything from me at all, bro, I'm wah
both of you, I'm at your service,
honestly. And just
brother, seriously, honestly, with with
everything I'm uh like knowledge with
Islam, I would definitely contact you
cuz I always I always feel like No, I
need to get I need to get through you
guys first, you know? I feel like I
look, as I said, I look up to you guys.
I look up to you. Before I was looking
at it as hate, but now I No, now it's
now it's seeing people trying to, you
know, laugh at us fighting. Nah, that
that's not it. This is
all time. like this guy David Wood
apparently cuz you know when you made
that video about um when you went on
what do you call it the airplane they
were being racist to you and whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. He's done plenty videos. I
mean that guy is as that guy's a clown.
Yeah. He's a clown man. Like and these
guys have even when you were doing that
they were attacking you. So there needs
to be an intellectual you know there
needs to be a knowledgebased response.
It's not just cuz content has to be at
the end of the day it has to be Yeah. It
has to be um what you guys are great at
creative content entertainment. You know
what I'm trying to say? um uh
engagement, all of that. You guys are
experts and specialists and whatever
this dumb guy said about you. He's
jealous cuz at the end of the day, he
came on your podcast. You'd never go on
his and he he he was using you guys cuz
he knows that people love you guys up
and that's the reality. People love you
guys up cuz you're real and authentic
individuals. Yeah. And that's what
people like. People like real stuff.
They don't like fake guys like him, a
fraud. Do you get it?
100%.
So% for that reason. Yeah. It's it's
it's always there and I'm and I'm happy
that I have you guys as friends and you
know what I'm trying to say anytime you
guys need a response we're there and you
know
my brother appreciate that appreciate
that so much honestly alhamdulillah
tell Zan who says salam I think we've
seen him around he's here
Zean yo he's good he be helping a lot
with the with the camera stuff I like
that
I want to say something about Zean
Zean's the man like he does a lot of
work
is he is he is my brother my brother
I see his production and everything is
amazing seriously And I love you. I love
you. What you guys doing together?
I think uh with the webcam thing, what
we're going to do, we're going to send
you the um footage that we recorded on
the camera.
Because this amazing
I think this looks a bit dead, isn't it?
The webcam.
Yeah. Yeah, it does. Yeah.
Well, we'll ask Apos to send us footage,
too.
He ain't going to do nothing, man. Trust
me, we better send it quick because
get ready. He's going to post tweets
right now and talk like a lot of a lot
of crap. He's going to talk. You give
him permission to put his this up on his
channel as well.
I didn't give him no permission.
Can't do it. Copyright strike the guy if
he tries it, man.
Yeah. No, I I don't know. I I don't know
if he's going to put anything, but I'm
pretty sure he's going to try to upload
something. So,
if he doesn't strike him straight away,
man.
Yeah. No, he's
Yeah, we can do that. We honestly can do
that.
I don't think he's he's going to upload
anything. If even if he does, no one
Huh.
You give us permission. Do you want us
to take a little bit like 20 minutes?
100%. Yes, you have all the permission.
You can post everything.
Yeah,
you can post everything after uh
tomorrow. When are we posting it? When
are we going to post it?
We're posting We're going to post a
trailer tomorrow, but we're also going
to put probably the full video on
Thursday.
We're going to link your channel as
well, too, so you can post your side of
the version as well, you know. So,
so around Wednesday, Wednesday like 7:00
8:00 p.m. UK time, we'll it'll be up,
but the audio will be out tomorrow.
Oh, okay. 78. Okay. Nice one, man.
Yeah, the audio will be out.
I'll keep you updated. I'll keep you
updated.
All right. Perfect, man. Beautiful,
my brother. My brother. Salam to you and
Zan. Inshallah. We'll see you guys uh in
the UK. We're definitely going to come
there soon. Most definitely. We're going
to be there soon.
Instead, this year this year,
give a bicep. Let me see a bicep.
Me.
Hey. Yeah.
Yo, I would love to see a boxing MMA
match Paul.
Hey yo, too big, bro.
I I seen you. I seen you what you did to
Jedi. You scared him.
No, Jedi. Jedi is not
I saw that, man. It was so funny.
my brothers. All right, I'll text you.
Send us the footage whenever you guys
can then. All right.
All right, guys.
My brother
[Music]
socially
profile when he
[Music]